Albert Schweitzer is right because the example is not the main thing in influencing others, but people learn how to be respectful, responsible, and thoughtful to others this can be a perfect example to people who are around, is a big responsibility when that happen, people sometimes just see what is the bad things others do life sometimes is hard or easy, all depend on the decisions what people choose to be better, just every single one know, everything is like that, good decisions, good things will be happened in the life people have all the power in the mind, heart. People know, is the biggest goal to be better day by day and be the good example for a future family. In part is right like what it's said before, every single one is a different world, people can see how others live or sometimes criticize of others life, some people want to copy thing from others may be because are jealous of how other live with good cars, house, clothes, luxury things what others expect to have, no one is perfect, but some people appear to have the best life, nobody has to have billions of money to be happy if people have love and a big heart and charity to others and is no matter the race, religion or economic position, be the best example for those who need direction in theirs life, young people need orientations, discipline, best prospects of life. This also can be so bad because in the family if the father go out with friends and came back very drunk, the kids may see that, and sometimes the drunk father can be aggressor with the kids and the wife, the father is giving a big bad example to those kids, and this is totally real, if people watch the television and see the news is a lot of people how died every single day not just for aggression in the house also outside when the family are driving and sometimes the father or the mother or both are drunk, and they crash the car on the highway, a lot of things, parents have the responsibility if the kids are so little but when the kids' growth they will be taken their own decisions. Many people change to a good way or a bad one, but everyone has to know that is fine the life is only one, everybody is free to take all the depositions what people want, but with clear mind and the responsibility this can effect so much to those who are very closer, more for those who are young, parents are the most important example, there is the rot, parents have the responsibility of educate the kids, talk with theme, be the best friend, that way the kids are learning and expressing the thinks, dreams, and goals for the future, what the kids want to be, kids can think more clearly when the parents are always there giving counsels, talking like a friend. Everybody sees and criticize each other, sometimes people talk so bad thing, everyone has account people are different from others. Examples ones to others every time, every space in the Earth, everything is important. But what can say! The unique on everyone can trust, and the best example is God. That's why no one is perfect in the world. Sometimes the parents can be the best example but when comes the times when people do not want to listen or trust this happened when people fail every single time when try to follow others example, everybody has to follow the heart, do what people think is the best decision for be the best example to others.