Technology has its ups and downs with some being useful to use humans and some being harmful and destructive. Has technology come to a point where we need to use it in our everyday life or has it become where we don't even need it because we're to lazy to do thing ourselves. I think that limitation of human contact due to the use of technology has had many negative effects on people's lives because it can cause depression or isolation, can cause some people to lose their touch of reality, and can harm your physical or mental health. Likewise, technology can cause many harmful things. In other words, technology can cause depression or isolation can really be very bad situation especially if you have both. Depression can be caused by technology because many kids around the world get bullied through social media, and some get very emotionally depressed. That's when kids want to isolate themselves and don't go to school. Many people around the world like playing video games, and some are very into it that they don't even know that they are isolating themselves from everyone around them. Most people around the world have a phone, a cellular device, and use it all day and don't even come out once. Technology can cause a big impact on people's life and causes them to have depression. Consequently, technology can also make people lose their touch with reality. Some people can easily manipulate others through the internet. At a young age kid like to TV, YouTube video, and things like that, and many kids if not all are very gullible. Many videos on YouTube can make kids believed something that's is not true or even brainwash them. Adults also can get brainwashed through the Internet. Many conspiracy theories say that the government are trying to brainwash people with technological advancement machine and many to believe that it's not true. Some people even get brainwashed by playing so many video games at a young age, and believe what they do in a game is what they can in real life. Additionally, as technology keeps on progressing it's just going to keep on getting worse for our physical and/or mental health. Eye doctors say that if your always on a device, and it will affect your vision. Technology can mental change you as a person because some people want to be like someone on the internet and change the way they dress and even in some situations their personality. In some cases people have watch many videos of people doing very dangerous stunt. Some people actually try and attempt the same stunt they saw on the video and fail miserably and end up going to the hospital. In the other hand, technology can come and be useful. It can also save peoples lives in a situation where someone's life is at risk. Technology can also come in handy for us to win wars. Its usefulness can make someone's life way more efficient. Technology just overall makes like so much simple and easy. People don't even have to stress about thing as much as they used to any more because of technology. Technological advancement can change the world as we know it. However, technology can malfunction anytime or anywhere. Technology advancement machine can be the cause of someone's death. People might think that technology is going to make life easier, but it's only going to get harder. If people just let technological advancement machine do everything for them their physical health is just going to plummet down because people are not getting the exercise they need. Also people need to understand technology is getting in the way of something beautiful, the Earth. Technology is causing pollution around the world and killing our home. Overall, technology is causing all these horrific things to use, and we don't even know it until we look around use. I personally think that limitation of human contact to the use of technology can have a negative outcome on people's lives because can cause people to lose they're touch with the outside world, can cause depression or isolation, and can a severe effect and people's physical or mental health. So, technology can be ignored, but it will never go away.