Does students think that learning from home would be helpful for them? Learning from home won't be as helpful as much as you go to school and learn in the class from teacher. I don't think that students would learn anything from video or online conference because if they don't learn anything while their at school, so how would they learn from home. They might have work at home or at outside, which makes them distracted or disturbed them from their work, and they might have problems with it. Every student has the right to make their decision, but this idea won't work out. Mostly, in every home there is problem which we don't want to share with anyone, or we don't want anyone to know about what is happening in our home. Like fighting with mom, brother or father anyone in home, or we might don't want anyone to know why are fighting. I mean people have privacy in their life or difficulties which they don't want to share with anyone, and even if they do the work from home it might not help as much as we are in school. Commonly, every student is not equally intelligent, so they can understand one thing in one time. Most of the time and most student take a long time to understand one thing in this situation if they decide to put distance learning then this student might not understand clearly and of course they won't come to school, so they can have a day off. I mean if a student can't learn something from school how could he or she learn from home. However, every student want to learn more and achieve something and most of them don't even care. The person who want to achieve something always try their best to do it, but the person don't care would get a chance to not learn. I mean everyone wants to relax in home because school work are really tough, but even after that every student try their best to learn and distance learning can't help it out. If you are out somewhere, and your teacher is trying to teach you in online you might not get what they are saying. However, some people might think that distance learning might help them but if they can't learn in school then how will they learn when they are not in school. I don't think if you are far away from school, so you can learn anything from that. Anyway I don't think that students or the teacher might have that time to talk to every student or teacher to ask question or answer them. One teacher can handle a class together, but same teacher can't handle every student differently, so I don't think that this idea would work.