This Essay Is about:To conserve energy and resources do we have to extending the school day two hours, four-day school week? My opinion about this question is that we don't need to extend the school day and go to the school four-day a week. Why? Easy, because if the students spend more time in the school everyday, we just loose energy. We get tired, we are not focus in class, we forget what we learned, affect your communication with your family. We get tired even now, that we just come for seven hours. If we spend more time in the school, the students are going to be more tired than normal they are. Getting tired students start loosing they energy and, they do not pay attention what the teacher is saying. Sometimes I feel like I can't any more my body and my mind need to take a rest. Your mind start loosing power when you get tired. Get tired and do not have a good rest is not healthy. We are not focus in class. When you start the day after a good rest, your mind start the day fresh. If your mind is fresh, you get better focus and powerful mind to think about what you are doing. During the day after few hours, you start getting tired and, loosing focus about what you are doing. If we spent more time in class, we going to get bored, and we can start talking with the neighbor, distract the others students and interrupt the class. After the school time students are going to be so tired (body and mind) that they will want to arrive at home take a rest, leaving the homework without do it. We forget what we learned. It is so simple to forget what we learned during the day, specially if we are going fast and talk about different topics. If we extend the school day, we most see different topics, and we will go fast, forgeting about the last topic. This happened because we lose focus, when we are thinking in the different process and topics. When your mind is process one information (let's say "Math") and, you do not even practice for a while, you just get it and, the teacher pass to the next unit (because the period is longer cause the extending school day), you most will forget what you learned last unit. Affect your communication with your family. How extending the school day, affect your communication with your family? Well, let's say the most of the time you are in the school, some parents work during the day. But in the afternoon when the kid arrive at home parents spend time with them. If extending the school day, by the afternoon the students are going to be more tired than normal they are and, they just will want to take a rest the rest of the afternoon. You have three days of weekend to do what ever you want and, have a conversation with your family?of course you have an extraday now, but remember that's just for students your parents still working one more day. The weekend the students can use it for homework that mean you do not have much time to have a conversation or pass time with your family. My conclusion is: If you going to get tired, do not going to be focus in class, or you will forget what we learned, it is not a good idea to extend the school day, because at the end do not bring any help for students. And can be worth for some of them. Take a good rest, be focus in class and keep what you learned, those are the students benefits. The extratime I spent on my homework sat home plus the school day, it is enough to learn and be focus on study and get a fresh mind.