Generic_NameGeneric_Name03/20/19''Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow''. Try to be better, and learn things that we don't know is the only way to grow. Trying new things to be better on things that we are already good. Having always family's motivation to keep going up, and for our learning process. Learn from our mistakes, to grow as a person and never say never to anything is a good meaning of grow. For these reason I think we have to learn something beyond with we have already mastered. Trying new things to be better on things that we are already good, to grow. Many people practice new different sports, to learn something's new. Take class in the school, that we never took to improve as a student. Have a different job, where we can improve our workers skills. For these reasons and many others I think try new things can help to grow and improve and what we have already mastered. Having always family's motivation is the best support and our learning process. Many people always try to think about this word ''family'' because, is the word that give everyone power to keep going. Motivation to be learning, to help our families is a big example of grow. Help others can have a big meaning end the others persons and for you too. For these reasons and many others I think having family's motivation is the best support and our learning process. Keep learning from our mistakes, is the best way to grow as a person. When we try to learn something and so many times we make a lot of mistakes, that mean that something good is coming. Some people like to make correction to help, and that is one of the best was to improve. Never say never, always keep going because that's way the mistakes exist, because we learn from them. For these reasons and any others, keep learning from out mistakes, is the best way to grow as a person. In conclusion, I am agree with Ralph Emerson Wrote. We have to try to do something beyond what we have already mastered. Trying new things to be better on things that we are already good. Having always family's motivation. Keep learning from our mistakes. These is many raisin to be agreed with Ralph Waldo Emerson wrote and, if we want to grow we have to learn something's new.