Yes. Having a positive attitude helps you about to be a successful person in life. It helps you to be a parent, coach, teacher,and friend....positive altitude is one of the basic rules that all employees follow such as a water or cashier. They learned it to win the customer and to get the business successful. When I worked in Kr espy Kareem my manager thought me something which is a way to win the customer with a positive attitude that I have to follow. The service called "the sweet" service this word stand for smile, welcome,entice, engage,and thanks. Having a positive attitude help you to became a friend and close to people and people will always feel comfortable to talk to you. But having a negative attitude will make people fell unsafe around you, and you will be lonely and not welcomed to the most of the people. Having a positive attitude also help you to be a teacher because you will always motivate your students and provide for them education. The reason why students skip classes is because of the teacher's attitude. Students prefer the teacher who give a friendly smile. Positive attitude helps me about to be a successful athlete because my coach is always happy from the way I act and my leadership that I do in front of my teammates. It makes me a respectful person and trustful guy. In fact attitude is the way the person present his/her personality. People with a negative attitude are mostly asocial and introverts. In my opinion having a positive attitude helps you to be a parent because the children's get scared from the person who's always angry and frustrated. That's why most of the parents hide their nerves, and they act nicely in front of the child. Couple relationship consider attitude because most of women prefer the guy with a positive view and who's open for everyone. The best way to live your life and be polite all the time is to have a positive attitude most people respect the person who give a smile and greet them. One of the importance of good attitude is being a family member. My uncle is the type of person who communicate and discuss with everyone and the way he talks is likeable from everyone because his always friendly and welcomed from people. Politicians with positive attitude are always persuasive because they use communication skills to convince the audience by telling their speech. Attitude is a way to find a job because when the person gets an interview with a manger he has to answer the question kindly and with a respectful way. One of the reasons of being a good student is acting with a positive attitude in front of my classmate. I agree that a positive attitude is the key to success in life because it's the way to live with people and find a job and create a family. 