Generic_Name Key To An Excellent Succession a positive attitude you'll get somewhere in life like Generic_Name who's always has this positive vibe with him, even when he works, goes to school or even when he's kinda had a rough day. He determines himself to be positive every single day. Generic_Name grandmother, tells him it's better when you're always positive every day will show much he will grow. "The more of a positive attitude the more you'll get in life" she said. His key to an excellent success is by working hard and having that positive mentality vibe. He never likes to see anyone or try getting himself to be negative. With his, mentality he'd ache vied so, much in work and school. Generic_Name been getting so many scholarships due to his work ethic. He's said before" when you're negative you'll do nothing in life to be successful, all you'll do is hurt yourself and not be very successful cause of it." Generic_Name just always has that positive mood. He's done everything to help people in need and also to get his career and life great. People will always look up for, his positively and working ethic. How does he determine to keep that positive attitude for his success. He always, avoids himself getting in a negative vibe, by doing something that makes him feel great to take it away. Tries to make peoples days like buying them clothes and such. Spends sometime with the family, cause who doesn't feel better when they're with the family. He also, tends to keep his mentality very strong for himself. Asks for help from people when he feels so down. All he does is just to be positive. Even if something tries to make him go down. He always ties himself to be great and positive each time like how his grandmother told him. He took the words from his grandma. She told him a story how she was always negative back then, in his age. In school, they used to bully her she lost her mother at an early age at that time and on how long took her being successful in getting a house. Ever since, then Generic_Name took those words and always makes himself the positive guy. When he did, he's done so much, in school and work. He's been offered to so many things in life. He's bought a home for his grandma, getting paid millions. The work and positivity he took is rising his life to the top. Everything what he took from his wonderful grandma when he was young made him a great successful man. Just like, how everyone says the best attitude of being positive brings success to life. His grandma's words with always be in his head. This is why a positive attitude in life will make you successful. In his words"a positive attitude, mind and mentality will make you and your life great."