School is a time when you will receive assignments, and it is your decision to complete them. Doing your work affects how teachers will think about you and how you will grow in the future. However, there is one thing I disagree with in school. It is how the teachers praise students who aren't giving their best efforts. I believe that true self-esteem comes from achievement, and it is not right to support those who aren't really trying. The first reason I disagree with the teachers' method to boost kids self-confidence is because they are too dependent on others. They will look for someone to always keep them up but in a world like this you can't depend on anybody. They can't always depend on someone to help them succeed. Students can become to attach and expect to always be praised by what little they do. What would happen if there was no one to support them. They would do nothing because their wouldn't be anyone to motivate them. My second reason would be that they don't accomplish their achievements. When you accomplish a goal you have this feeling of happiness or relaxation. If students are always praised for their efforts they will never actually try to complete the task because they will have the feeling of completion. They have no reason to keep going if they seem to be done which could be a bad in the future. In the future they probably will fail their assignments because they believe that they have done good when they have but not good enough to complete it.There are some benefits on teachers motivating students such as them gaining confidence and self-esteem. It could really help people in the future. You're motivating them could later cause them to motivate others in to doing their work. I just don't want teachers to go too far and praise them for writing their name, sometimes you have to be strict. It might hurt at first in the end it will all work out. Those are some reasons of why I don't support teachers motivating students. Students should learn how to work alone and shouldn't ask for help. However, I'm not discarding the option of teachers helping student. I'm just saying that they should only focus on what those who really need the help. Hopefully their will be change and teachers will only help those who actually try. 