Imagine a world full of good positive attitude! In this world a positive mind set takes you a long way for example, let's say one day you have decided to go eat out and waiter was having a bad attitude how would that impact you? Offended ? Perhaps irritated at the waiter for how he/was treating you with a bad attitude. Well I'm going to tell you the pros and some cons if there is any such as at work, home public, and by yourself. First, People nowadays just have a mask on and underneath that mask is an unhappy, sad person, and people live with that causing them to have a bad or a fake attitude toward the people around him/her making the environment not a very positive one. I've always been told not to be mad or get mad at something it will make that situation 10x harder than it needed to be. Second, Surrounding yourself with positive people, people that have a great attitude, people who love to see you succeed in you goals or at anything, people who don't bring you down, people who support and love you, people that tell you can do it. Hang around people with that attitude and I promise you, you yourself will succeed be happy in and out and have a positive attitude. Life is always going to have its ups and downs shoot, shoot I'm only a 17-year-old boy and I had lots of barriers lots of downs lots of fake people that have come in and out of my life but my mother that mistakes are the beauty in life that you learn from them and prosper and grow don't let that change your attitude because it will change the way you think the way you talk I can go on and on about how a positive attitude can make you a better person and be successful in life. Having a negative attitude is just negative and that's an ugly word being negative can impact you in so many ways at work nobody wants to hire a rude or behaved person because it would make the company look bad make your parents look bad and make you look bad. A negative attitude can bring, negative, thoughts negative actions and nobody wants that. Even at home having and bad attitude and mama and that's an attitude you are going to regret when you get a smack across the face. So yes I strongly agree that a positive attitude will take you a long way. Make you a better person and last make you successful person in life. Stay positive in a negative situation because it will make things ten times worse if you are mad or down learn to heal yourself time a time-out step outside take a breather and think before you say or do. Life is beautiful but its makes it ugly if your attitude is ugly so change it and make yourself a better. Healthier person. I know this is out of the promo but to be successful in life and to be what you want to be you have to do that yourself nobody is going to do it for you. But first START OFF with making YOURSELF HAPPY for you not for anyone else. 