Meet new people and make new friends is fun. Having social relationships; is a good way to have a good community. Always, when we see new people that we are about to meet, we have first impressions- ideas, feelings or opinions about a person based on the superficial. For some people, first impressions are almost impossible to change. However, I disagree with this statement, because this can change by: introducing each other, know more about favorite things, and ask questions about their life, then our first impressions will change. When a person is about to meet another person, they act differently as they are in their daily life, which is totally fine, because they are going to introduce each other, and it will change. One day, when I was in my freshman year, I was really nervous and exciting at the same time, and this because I did not know anyone at the school, but I meet one girl; she was really kind and friendly. So, we introduce each other, and my first impression before introduce each other was, that she was serious and shy. The importance of this, is that our first impression can change after introducing each other, because we can have an idea of how the person is, based on their look or way to act, but this idea can be totally different after cross a few words each other. Furthermore, a good way to change our impression knows more about the other person, know about their favorite things such as hobbies, sports, and others; putting this in practice it can change the way of thinking of both persons. In my way of thinking about the impressions, these can be bad or good impressions, and a personality is part of the impression because it shows the behavior of a people. So, it is important to know more about the person; about their personality and by this could have a clue about the personality of the person. Finally, different person has a something important in their life, and that is what makes special to a person. For example, all my friends before they know me, they think that I look shy, calm and serious before they know me, but time later these impressions change for them. They told me now "when we saw you for the first time, we though that you was so quite and serious". And they said this, because they know more about me and about my life now, and they think that I am a fun friend and happy, so this is what makes me special, that I always look serious, but when the people know me, they think that I am friendly and happy. And I think that always, when we see a person that we never seem before, we should think to ask about their life, because details about their life can help us to change our way of view and think about the person. Therefore, first impressions can change, they are not always accurate in the way of how the behavior of the people can be. We could think that people are as the way of their physical appearance, but that is completely wrong. In order to meet new people, we have to introduce each other, know more about them, and ask questions about their life, then we can have a clear personality about the person. After this, our impressions would change to a positive or negative impressions. We should not trust in our first impressions about a person, we should meet the person and our first impressions will change. 