Hello, Mr: Principal. I'm writing to you this letter to inform you about our responses about changing the school many. I'm a senior student in your high school. Furthermore, I really want to thank you about approving the idea of changing the school many to a new healthier and bigger one. We really appreciate that. Some of us have a bad experience about the unhealthy food and the school old many. One of them is PROPER_NAME he hates the spicy food and once before he tried it by mistake from the cafeteria, his stomach hurt him, and he was throwing up all the day, and all of that because of the unhealthy food. And also I will tell you sir about my own experience, I still remember, when I was a kid I had one of the worst days on my entire life in the middle school when I decided to eat the new spicy wings with the super hot source, I went to the hospital, and I was very sick for a long time in the home. And all of that because of the unhealthy food such as what our school used to have. Do you know sir, I used to feel unacceptable in the school, just because the food, just because I can not eat like the rest of the students? And I can not enjoy the food with them. I have never tried the school food since that day. The only case I could eat the school food is when the cafeteria has some kinds of soap, and some kind of the none spicy food. And there are a lot of students have the same case of me, we all are sharing our healthy lunch together, you might before have seen us in the cafeteria while we are setting as a circle. But by your decision, there are more than a hundred of student will turn back to eat in the school cafeteria. We all will be enjoying the new cafeteria many. Especially because I heard that will be a different type of milk and different type chicken, and also I heard from the new chef that you brought him from one of the biggest holes in Virginia, he told me we will have a few types of salmon fish and others fish types. In my opinion changing the school cafeteria many was great idea to begin to keep your student health safe, especially your freshman and sophomore students. I know what I'm telling you about the sophomore and the freshmen student very well, because I have my youngest brother his name is Generic_Name, he is addicted to the unhealthy food with the all of this food types, like the fast food. He could eat only the fast food in his life and he would be happy, but his body would not like that. Actually his body begun to hurt him from now, because he has been so fat, and he could not move or do ant effort. He eats only the fast food which is the only unhealthy food in the world. He has a problem in his body, his body hurt him because he does not eat a vegetable, and he does not have ant veterans in his body, his body is very big but is being very weak. And that is what the unhealthy food does in our bodies. That is what you sir, saved us from and saved the next students from it. Absotutly the healthy food a lot cheaper than the unhealthy food. Also one of the good thing is the teacher also would like to eat and try the new healthy food. One of the good thing, and actually it's the best thing ever is that healthy food will give the student more power than the unhealthy food, and also the healthy food will make them paying more attention to the classes and to what the teachers are saying. The new healthy food will be very good thing. I wish if you sir would take this decision 3 years ago, just when I was a freshman or when I was a sophomore that would be great if that happened. I can not stop Imagine if that happen I was going to be playing Gym all the summer and in the winter I'm was going to have PE class. That was going to be very good. I wish if that happened before. But that's fine I still can enjoy the rest of this year with eating just healthy food from our cafeteria from this new chef. I heard he will add a new typer of food from other countries like France and Egypt and Spain, and Ethiopia also. yeah, that is how the school lunch should be like. Do you know Mr: principle that there are about 20 Muslim student in this school who does not eat the old many food like the bacon and Pig? Do you know Mr: Principal, in our school there are about 50 student or more than that who are vegan, these students used to feel very bad about the old school many because they could OT eat any food from the cafeteria for all the time they had in the school? But from now and over these students are very happy about your decision. And also the Muslims students now they are happy because they can eat the vegan food and the least they can eat the chicken and the others' food. Actually I know there are a lot of students will argument with you about your decision. But they still young to understand that, they still too young to look for their health and the healthy food and the unhealthy food. But, actually they will appreciate that very well when they became adults. Mr: the principal thank you, thank you about looking for our health. Thank you for being acceptable for the new ideas.