Agree, living in a world where you sometimes have to be someone else to fit in the society or with friends it doesn't make us feel confident it is not the best feeling, because we are pretending to be someone else not who we are. And when we do that, the only one who will get hurt is us, if we are and behave exactly as we are maybe there won't be too much people around us, but that is not the most important accomplish, the most important accomplish is when we learn how to love our self and be who we are no matter if there won't be a lot of people surround us, if someone will love me it has to love me for who I am not for whom I pretended to be. Everyone in this world deserve to be love for who they are, no one needs to be someone else to be love or accepted, we have to stop trying to be someone else just to fit with a group of people because if you're not like them, then that's means that you don't belong to that place. Been who we are is what makes us special, there are no specifics forms that forces you how to be, pretending it won't make you happy. Just will make you feel that you don't deserve to be love, it will make feel desolate, it will make you feel that you are not funny as the rest of your friends. But when we learn how to be our self in this world where it constantly trying to make us feel or be someone else it is the greatest accomplishment, because when we know how love our self for who we are and how we look then we will be capable to love someone else for who they are not for whom they pretend to be. Feeling like you don't deserve to be in this world is not the best feeling sometimes all you wanted to do is just go to a place where nobody knows you where you want to start over again and do what you really love, be who you are and if someone gets to know you it will accept you the way you are but something that we can't see is that we don't actually needs to go to the other side of the world to start over because we can try to start with our self, we have to start loving us the way we are. Why do you think that sometimes we feel desolate too? Do you think that is because we are being honest we our self? It is important to ask our self that question because it makes us think about our self for a minute and forget about the rest of the people about what they would think of me, most of the time we forgot about our owns feeling about how we going to feel at the end if we do or behave the way that the society is asking us to do. And when we forget about our self that is the time when we feel desolate, and what can fill that what we think is missing? Is learn how to be our selves. If you're not funny as they want you to be, or they might say that you have to be like the rest, that's not right because you will make yourself to a side, and you will start been someone who's not you, someone you don't love, but you have to be that way, so you can be accepted and when that happen you are losing the greatest thing you have inside you to give... Been who we are maybe it won't make us see the perfect person in the world, but it will make you happy to know that you have accomplished the greatest goal! Which is to be yourself in a world that always wants you to be someone else. Now that I had learned how to love myself I'm able to see that everyone deserve a change to be themselves, to show what they have, learn how to be you it also helps you to see the beauty in the rest of the people that is surrounded you it also makes you free to stop thinking that they need certain things to be love or accept.  