Imagine being a new sixth grade student in middle school and, not knowing the expectations nor, knowing anything about the place you are around. Elementary students should need to know what will go on in middle school and it's expectations. So explaining it will make it easier for sixth grade students. Once coming to middle schoolgirl of all, students should know about the classroom expectations. Middle school student should be respectful, responsible, and productive. Kids should know better than to play around, or ignore teachers and ignore their work. Students should come to school ready to learn not to play around. Kids should be quiet while a teacher is talking and should also be silent while taking a test or quiz. They shouldn't be throwing stuff around the room or be yelling or screaming. When I used to talk I would get in trouble but, I would always listen to the teacher. Second of all, students should know about halls and lockers expectations. While walking in the halls kids should be safe. Students should not run in the halls and, should not push and shove other kids. Because students could get injured. At your lockers you should get your things for the next class and not talk to your friends in the hallways. If you can't open you locker ask a teacher nearby. But you shouldn't kick your locker. If I couldn't get my locker open I would just ask a teacher to help me. Don't kick or slam you locker respect the schools things because it provides you with the things you need to learn with. Last but not least, you must know the lunch expectations. During in line to get your lunch you shouldn't be touching everything nor, keep a hold up in the line. Be productive and get your lunch fast then take a seat at you table. If you need anything raise your hand don't get up without permission. Don't throw food at people pick up your trash once you leave and, don't make a mess. While eating, you should stay in you own seat and not at others tables. Once I would go to lunch I would get my food fast then take a seat with my friends at my table. In the cafeteria it is super loud so try not to scream or yell because it will be extra louder if you do. In conclusion this is why teaching kids about middle school is a good lesson to teach elementary school students. So that once they go to middle school they would be ready. The students would already know most of the school expectations and how things work around.