Teenagers in this epoch just want to spend time on cellphones instead of help their brain maintain doing something different but been inactivity just absorb our time, and we just want to spend hours on bed doing nothing people may try to always be busy maintain the brain distracted. We always accomplish more if we are always doing something because been inactive don't serve for any purpose. It accomplishes when we are doing something we maintain our brain busy, and we make many things on the day instead of been doing nothing its helps us to develop and create different ability that's the reason why the teenagers after they work, for been busy the majority of the teenagers get bored when they are at home doing nothing. When people are doing nothing just been inactive they waste their time it doesn't helps them for any purpose doesn't give any benefits to the brain. The teenagers in this epoch they should maintain busy and don't waste the time after school they may practice any sport or any instrument. Other people think that been inactive its good because they think they dedicate time to themselves girls taking care of skin and boys playing there games or been inactive is good because they can rest after school that's the view of point of others. Determine never been idle always doing something this helps to find the abilities for every people, helps to grow in society because the body is active doing many things and teenagers doesn't have time for using the cellphones they waste time do it. In this epoch is very important that people maintains doing something is very important is amazing how many things may be done if people are always doing. Been busy helps the people for many things some guys after classes they practice soccer, or they practice any instrument, and others helps in things at home helping cooking or cleaning. When you make things kind of things your brain, and you maintains you busy and distracted of all. Teenagers should take their time to make things helps them, they choose to stayed at home and be on bed all the citizen should determine not be idle always find to do something. When our parents go to their work they have been busy and give things we need and we don't care about that because is not our effort and sacrifice because we decide just to nothing be idle and stayed at home on bed. But when teenagers decides to work to be busy and always maintaining doing something they see how much is the sacrifice they have to make to have all the things they want, because they need to help things at home. For example, If people stayed at home they are not going to be able to grow as a society. There are many things we can make to always be busy and brain Tokyo get distracted of the time you spend on your cellphone and used your time on others things. The people are always things to do as little they see, but it helps us to be busy also helps us to share with others when we make different things to be busy our daily routine chance because every day we have others things to do.