Some people ask if it is better to work with a group or alone? Everyone has different opinions about the benefits of working in a group or working alone, some people prefer working alone and others prefer working in groups. I believe that the best way for the people to improve is by working in groups because they learn more and understand better. First, working in groups help the people to improve in school or at work because they learn new things. For example, listening other ideas and points of view from their partners. One day my English teacher make groups of four in class and gave each group a piece of paper, then he put some questions in his board and told us that we need it to answer them as a group, when we finish the teacher told us that we were going to discuss it, then when each group discuss their answers with the class we all realized that each group had different opinions, ideas, and points of view. Each group learn something new from each other."Every day, we all learn new things in life". Second, working in groups help the people improve because they will understand better. For example, asking their partners if they have a question or didn't understand really well. My history teacher gave the class an assignment that we need it to completed by the end of the class, when the teacher gave the instructions I didn't understand her really well, then I ask one of my partners if he could explain to me again in order for me to understand it, be able to give my opinions and help my group." We could do more if we all help each others". Many people believe that is better to work alone because they will concentrate more. For example, they will not get distracted with anyone and will finish the work faster. A friend of mine has always work alone because she said that when the people are working in groups they tend to start talking, distract others, don't do their work and by the end of the hour only got a couple of questions done. However, this argument is meaningless because if they don't understand really well, then they would not have a partner who could explain to them what they are doing. For example, not finish their work because they got stuck in a part. Not having someone to discuss the work with could be hard sometimes. In conclusion, there are a lot of benefits when working with a group. Some others benefits that working in groups has been; making new friends, having the opportunity to learn more about your partner, and learn more about yourself. Having to work with someone is a good idea because you don't have a lot of pressure about having to finish the work on time or not having idea what to do. Even though some people say the opposite, I believe that working in groups is better than working alone." Sometimes you will need a little help from others in order for you to improve".  