This topic brings in a lot of question and concerns like '' Your character will be what you yourself choose to make it'?. What are you supposing to think of when this question gets asked from you, well people don't really have a an answer for you, So I think that people get controlled by each other because of power. Some people think they got it all because they have control over certain things then most people don't have, and they take advantage of them, so they think its right for them to do what they can or cannot do to them. People don't need other people to show them how to belong or what they need in there life it's not fair for others to pick what they want to do. People want what other people have to fit in or to roll along with them, But other people don't like that feelings because they think they look cool, new cloths, new shoes, new bags etc. they get it all and don't get me wrong people go for that some just don't. You only get to create your own self, but you choose to follow others because that's the new trend, and you want to fit in with what they offer to you its like a shiny new toy you can resist because then you won't be like other people. Influences are what catches people attention they want to persuade you into something or speak to you in matter that you don't even realize in till later. They get to change you because they know how to do it they speak in way they just gets your attention, and you fall for it and next thing you know you want to be like them, talk like them, eat where they go, where they visit and who they are friends with. Those people what to see what they can get from you and how beyond you can take things people crave the attention they want what other people have, So they try too much to become them and they don't even realize in till it to late and not want to go back. I get the point why they all do that to show how much things get done, how you want it, what needs to be done or what needs to happen. People go to their influences to hear what they already know but they don't want to be alone about it cause then people won't find them to cool to hang with. Most people think they need it to survive because they never really let themselves answer for them and they don't do anything about its like a drug to them, they can't resist of it. You are your own person you just don't know how to be yourself, or you think they won't approve of you, So now you probably think if you do what other people do and act like them, you will think your getting notice by other people that makes you feel good, and you continue to do so. So you lost yourself and can't even recognize yourself because you went to far now you can't even choices what you want to do because people expect that from you now you let them choice your own life. They have power you don't control yourself they do you let people get the best from you, and you let them have it because you didn't want to be weird and now things you ain't always easy so now you have to live with it. Trying to impress someone isn't you, its just wrong influences make you do anything you pick from good or bad, and it goes one way you decide if you want that for you not what other people think and how they can get to you so quick that you do it, and it all goes down hill from there. Make your future about what you think is best for you, and only you stop making it what you what other people to view you as do you. Influences may get you places but are they the right ones though or is it something I just want you to hear. Making the right choice is great you decide what you're going to do, how you're going to live your life, and be yourself, But choice TP make the wrong choice and now people control you they get to what they want because they went for it, and you can't get it back anymore. People like to make a little stop for themselves inside your head, so they can persuade you into anything and get what they want, so they do by telling you this is the greatest thing every the most amazing thing I did. Don't be fooled by that it's all in your head you want to fit in I get it but don't take it to far where even your own close people tell you that you have change. So many things are going to be asked from you and not even you will know how to answer because you let other people control you and talk for you that it became a thing that you can't even get out of. It's better if you just stay in your lane and go for the good influences and not the bad type you create your own story not other people. Wrong to right is always the choice being a good influence is great you teach people the right way not the bad type. So many people choose bad and not good they want to fit in so bad that's it's going bad for them picking the good is always right. You don't need to impress people when you got yourself and no shame for you just do what is asked and make a great thing happen. Right chooses to bring you more things in life then bad getting good people in your life is always the answer a good influence can get you to a lot of things in life, and you won't even notice in till it has happened. A chance to pick a good life then a bad one I'll take it bad influences bring you no where it's a joke if you pick the wrong influence make a good pick. So yes creating your own life is better and deciding on good influence then to have a life that will bring hell on you, yes I will always do so. Good influence is always the answer not things wrong about that and will always be my choice for you be the right influence that other need to hear from you speak up do what's right for you and yourself make a better you and let other people hear you speak you bring good things into other's people's life not just yours. 