I think this is a great idea, normally a person graduated in four years, but if we graduate en three years of school it will be the best for our future, because we can take advantage, start college one year early, and finish it one year early, and it will be better for any student who wants to take advantage in life. I think it will be better, but this is going to be hardest because you have to study more time, and have classes in summer, and evenings, but all effort has its rewards. If two girls are in High School one of these (person A) took the programs that allow students to graduate in three years, and the other one (person B) took the traditional four years. The person A graduated from high school in 2015 and the person B in 2016. While the person A was studying her first year in college and working, the person B is in her last year of school, obviously 2019 is the last year for person A in college and graduate from college will help her to work in something about her career. Well what I do is if I graduated in just three years I will take advantage for work hard and take some few classes before go to college all the fourth year, and then the next year I will have a good amount of money for college, and when I'm going to college I keep working but fewer hours, I think this of allow high school students to graduated in three years is great idea. Knowing that the students only have three years in high school it will help the students to put effort in high school and to finish early high school and college. If more students are interested in this program it would be better for everyone, because you are going to graduate in three years, you are going to college, and then you are going to be a young professional. I think that if you are young and professional you will have more opportunities to have a job in everywhere. People are going to say that the high school is going to be more difficult because you are going to have many classes in only three years, and that you will not enjoy your vacation in summer or can not do something that you like in evenings, but how I said before all efforts has its rewards. If you finish school early and going to college after that you can enjoy or do everything.