People go through good things in life and bad things but when it comes to success everyone gets happy about it even thorough the bad times. First, when having a positive attitude you think more. It opens up your creativity makes you a critical and creative thinker. It helps you think about positive things and not negative things. When you're at a difficult moment and you have a positive attitude it motivates you to keep going and not to give up. Even during a difficult time if you were to have a positive mindset It would help you In the future by giving you confence to get out of that position you were In. Even going through a difficult moment is a good thing because it will help you during the long run because you're getting a taste of how life actually goes. Next time your In a difficult moment try to have a positive attitude it will help you through those hard times, and it will motivate you not to give up. Secondly, when I was in 7th grade my friend was taking a very important test. The test was about 35 questions and I remember he was worried that he wasn't going to pass it. He started to tell me ''what happens if I don't pass it my parents are going to get so mad at me''. He also told me ''I'm not going to pass this test''. What I told him was ''don't worry about it do your best, and you got this just have a positive attitude''. Then I went to the bathroom and once I came back I saw him jumping around and happy. Once I got inside the classroom I said ''what happened I said'' he said ''I passed the test''. I got so happy that just by having a positive attitude great things can happen to you. Thirdly, It doesn't matter where you are weather your in an airplane or even in Mexico having a great attitude can change so much. It can even change you and your life. I once said to myself having a great a positive attitude means having a great day. When you're at a difficult moment in your life or just anytime. You feel stuck of sad, and you feel like you want to give up be positive and say to your self you got this I can do it. One benefit of having great attitude is it motivates you to be successful and to not give up. People go through good things in life and bad thing's but when it comes to success everyone wants it and feel's happy about it even thorough the bad time's.