Does going from failure to failure consist of success.? It does, a lot of people in their life have failed to do something in life for example: failed a test, failed to do a work assignment, failed to show up to work once or twice, etc. You can fail a test, fail to show up to work, but you get an opportunity to fix that mistake but some people just don't care about that opportunity. Say you were to get a 75% on a math test, but you wanted to get a better score you did study, but didn't show up to class, or stay after school to get extra help. So then you ask the teacher if you can re-take the test and the teacher say that you can, but you have to show up to class, and stay after if needed extra help ; because without studying, or showing up to class, etc. How will you pass the math test or any test if you don't study. It's okay to fail and fail no one is perfect not everyone is going to get it right the first time unless you just have good luck but still you have to study for a test no matter what. Let's say you had a band concert tonight, you had a positive mind set because you have been practicing since February you were nervous not because you have a concert but also because you have a solo part, but you know you got this because you've been practicing, studying the notes and staying after with the band. It was time for the show; you guy's finished and did a wonderful job playing the music and did an amazing job for you're solo part. Not only did you practice and stay after you kept a positive mind set for yourself. You just can't give up on yourself because you failed you have to push and push yourself even if you don't have enough positive in you if you want to become a nurse, actor, jet flyer it doesn't matter what you want to be you have to push yourself and have a positive mind set. Without a positive mind set your probably not going to end up were you wanted to be in the first place. So if you fail the first or second time just know not to give up just yet and to think positive.