Have you ever had a subject that you liked, or you know it so well? If Had a chance to talk to an elementary school, I will teach them about English. The reason why I would choose English because you will need to know it throughout you whole life, you need to know how to use correct grammar, and It's easy to learn. English is fun and easy to use whenever you need it. First, If you live in America you will need to know the basic language and that's English, you will use English throughout your whole life. In school, you will start learning English in preschool, and it goes throughout your whole life. When people come from other places that are not in America some people have trouble speaking English because they have not learned about it. So if you have not learned it when you were young it's going to really hard for you to understand. When you get older, and you have a job you will need to talk to people, and you will need to know how to write and type. Even though if you don't have a job you will still need to learn how to speak English. When you need to do important work for the government or tax work, you need to sign and write you information. In real life if there's an emergency and you will need to talk to someone you will need to learn how to speak English. Finally, English will be with you for your whole life and it is helpful if you know how to speak it. Second, one of the biggest thing you will need to know in life is how to write in English. In life there are going to so many times when you need to write you name and the date. When you get older you will need to learn how to write your address and make sure that grammar is correct like commas, period, and spelling arrows. Also, will need it when you're in school you well need it everyday by writing your name to writing a whole essay, and it needs to not have any grammar problems. You will also need when you have a job and if you become a teacher you will need to learn the more detail information. When there is important information that you will need to sign your address, you will need to add commas and that involves you learning English. Finally, this is the reason why It's important to learn English because you will need to know the grammar to it. Third, English is the easiest to learn because if you get how to write you will know it for your whole life. If you learn how to use commas and other things then you will learn it for your whole life. There are three things that you will need for English and it how to speak, or write, and grammar. You will need those things for essay projects and more. It is easy to learn because you are using it for your whole life over and over and when you do things over and over, and it gets stuck in your head. English is also fun because when you get something it makes you feel good. You might not know, but you are using every day even if there is now school you are texting or writing a letter. This is another reasons why I would like to teach a class about English because it is easy and at the same time its fun. Last, these are all the reasons what I will teach an elementary school about English because your whole life depends on you speaking English, you will need to learn how to write in English, and it is easy an easy subject to learn. First, speaking English is not really hard, and it will become really useful. Learning how to speak English your life will move slowly because you don't have to worry about someone else talking for you your whole life. Second, you would even know that you're using English, but you are because you are always typing or writing, and you will need to learn English to be able to do that. Last, the easiest subject to learn is English because when you get it you will always use it. English is and amazing way to learn how to speak, and it can be fun.