Should take classes like music, a drama, or an art class be required? Although some say that arts class should not be required, actually it should because students can develop talents, and also it can help students to lose some stress. In addition, students will find a fun way to be less stress. I agree with the assertion that student should be required to take an arts class. Those who believe that arts class shouldn't be required they have their reasons. For example, they believe that students may not like the class assigned, and they also think that it can cause that a student may start cutting his classes. From my perspective I believe that arts class should be required to students because they can develop talents. I believe that because when I was in my country there was one private high school that was located at my city, in that high school all students were required to take an arts class and nevertheless some of them knew how to pain, act,and sing, and they were so talented in any arts class that they were taking. Also in my country every year there is a competition that call the most talented students from the country, this competition only awards students that are very talented in arts class such as pain, act,and sing and the students that just to go to the high school that was in my city they frequently just to take first place in those competitions and that's why I believe that that arts class should be required for students it will help develop talents. From my point of view, I think that arts class should be required because it can help students to lose some stress. I believe it because like a student that I am every time when I get off from my Algebra 2 class I am always super stress, but after that class I have the art class. In that class I always lost all my stress when I start drawing things even though I do not how to draw, but it helps me a lot to keep my main clam. Also, why I believe that arts class help students to be less stress is because the environment in the class is always nice, and the students are always focused on the things that they are doing without making too much noise and that is why I believe that arts class should be required to help them to don't be stress the all day in school. To summarize students should be required to take arts class because they can learn to do other things that other people can't do, and also it can help them like a way to feel better after coming from other class that was awful.