PROMPTPeople should believe that the true self-esteem of students are absolutely coming from the achievement only. Because of praising students in a long times, it might be would make them image anything that they want to do is all for other's praise to them. Also, the achievement of students are only come when they can be self-confident to face any hard works. The praise given is something that cannot be stayed in one person fever, praise is to support students spirit while they become successful.First, praising students in a long times, it might be would make them think of anything that they want to do is all for other's praise to them. Because students can easily get distracted by praising from others, they could not be focus to be themselves when there's too many praises for them. Students need to remember that people may give praise to bring them up and surely can bring them down anytime. So, students do not need to listen to anybody's praise or anything that is unreal. Otherwise, a better way is students should be believing in themselves that they can do well on anything hard works. Secondly, the achievement of students are only come when they can be self-confident to face any hard works. Students should learn how to handle any hard works when they go out to the real life. They need to facing to real things, real problems and that is how they can be true self-esteem. They can't be afraid or lose their spirit whenever they fail. Also, students can be achievement while they know exactly what they should do to reach their goal on the future. Student better know that people only remember to them when they become success, but if they aren't any will care about them. Finally, the praise given is something that cannot be stayed in one person fever, praise is to support students spirit while they become successful. Because the praise from others to them can easily forget very quickly. So students should know the goods and bad of the praise, it could bring students to more success when they know that the praise of people can help. Students can be famous and getting praising from others anytime when they do something great, or they can show people about how well their capability are. The achievement of people are not coming from anyone's praise, that is about how hard they were tried and what were they faced to reach their goal. Also, only believing in themselves could bring them to the successful in the future. There are nobody can help or follow them until the end of your goal, so they should do their best they can to show their ability. 