During this time our society are magnifying in many ways. Therefore, people have to work, study, or do any personal things every day. People don't conserve their energy and resources in the way that people get tired daily. Nonetheless, there are some businesses had the idea to work four days per week each day consisting of ten hours. As well as, schools should follow this project by extending the school day two hours. In my opinion, school should follow this great idea because students can do different routine, be less stressful, and get better grades. To begin with, the majority of students do the same routine daily some enjoy to play sports on the school. Whereas, someone would like to try another kind of sport outside the school, but they don't have sufficient time to do it. Elsewhere, if the school follow extending the school day and leaving one or two days off students can do different routine and have their own space. All in all, students can try different sports with their families or friends outside of school. In others words, doing different routine will help the energy and resources for students. Second reason, for some students is stressful go to school every day. As well as, some has to work to late, or do homework, or has prob lent to get sleep at night. If this happened during this time they lost their energy and is difficult for student to focus on their class. However, students that are stressful can have health problem. In other case, students can be less stressful and active if their sleep more such as, if they get two days off of the school they can repose their tiredness and get energy. Lastly, the energy and resources are an important priority for a student. Likewise, that all students do their homework and be on time in their class. Nevertheless, the majority of the students has problem be on time or do homework some of them miss school days just because they didn't do their homework. Altogether, during this day's off students can do their homework with resources, patience and dedication. After all, this could help student to have better grades. To conclude, the priority for people life is to conserve energy and resources. Rather, we are on time to help our student's health. Lately, doing different routine will help us to progress and be healthy. If we are healthy we are less stressful we will be with energy. After all, energy, time, and resources are the key to be successful.