Do you have a goal in your life? How can you accomplish to your goal? I think everyone can get a goal, but many people ask, "how can I get a goal?" Because they cannot wait until the finish goal line, also they cannot concentrate on their goal. We cannot see the finish line, that is why people always give up in fort of the finish line you are always doing something, then you can do accomplish more. This is three reasons you can do accomplish more if you are always doing something. First is when you concentrate on one thing and think about that, then you can get a power to get in your goal. Concentrate power is amazing, Every history of the scientists were concentrate one thing and always do something. For example, have you seen the Newton's notes? He always thought and concentrated to gravity and earth. He took notes every second and minutes, he never stopped take notes. Today, we're learning his notes everyday like Newton's first law, second law, and third law. If you think about it and concentrate one thing, you can closer to your goal. Second, If you keep going to your goal, you can get into the summit. Whenever you are and whatever you want, if trying to do that, you can make it. For example, David in the Bible, he practiced throw the stone every day. He never forgot to practice throw the stone, and one day he met an enemy. Everyone thought David will die because David was so small and young, but the enemy was huge and strong. Do you know the end of story? David won the battle because of the stone, he attacked enemy's head. What is the main idea of this story? Throw the stone is tiny and tiny thing, but he attacked enemy and saved the nation. If you keep going on any small thing and tiny thing, you can make it, and you can make biggest thing, you could not imagine thing. Third, you keep dreaming and keep trying to your goal you can get to accomplish to your goal. Keep trying and keep dreaming are really important. If you don't have dream in your life, you can never get that. For example, Aristotle was experiment every day. Also, the result was different every day, but he keeps trying figure out the result. If you gave up that time and stopped challenge, then maybe we don't know who is the Aristotle. Many scientists also said this, keep dreaming is better than not dreaming. Keep dreaming and get closer to your goal in your dream, get a hope and keep challenge. Finally, when you concentrate on one thing and think about that, then you can get a power to get in your goal. Because the concentrate power is amazing. Do not give up and keep going to your goal, you can get into the summit. Whenever you are and whatever you want, if trying to do that, you can make it. You keep dreaming and keep trying to your goal you can get to accomplish to your goal. If you want to something to do and something to accomplish, you have to know what is my goal and what should I do for my goal. If you know exact your goal and then always doing this three, you can make it. 