It's a wonderful day to spend outdoors and do something productive. Spending more time outdoors is better than being at home or being on your phone all day. Families can do different types of activities outdoors. Going to the state fair is something all families or friends can do that is fun. Another way of enjoying outdoors is going camping with your family. Spending more time with your family outdoors can be fun and productive. People can go hiking with other people. Hiking is an outdoor activity that you can walk. When your like stress you can walk and listen to the beautiful birds chirping. Like for an example, fishing, hiking, going to the beach, doing cookouts, and going to the park is an activity. Everybody would be occupied, and would have so much excitement in what they are doing. For an example, last summer I went to Pocahontas State Park with my family. We went on a tour around the whole park. As we were walking, we had seen a building. We had entered the building, and inside it was a mini zoo. The mini zoo was filled with all different types of animal. There were animals that wasn't from Virginia, and brought it from another state. I would love to go back with my family this summer again. Going to the state fair has a lot of options for you to do. Like for an example it has games, and roller coasters and more variety of games to play. The state fair is a really fun place. For instance, I went to the state fair last year with my cousin. The state fair was full of people and enjoyment. There was a lot of games, roller coasters, a mini farm, there was a concert, a lot of food courts, and horse racing. That day was a really productive day because we had to walk from station to station. I rode a roller coaster called the "Dome" it was terrifying, and it kept spinning upside down, sideways from left to right. This is a good outdoor activity to do with families or friends. Another way to enjoy outdoors is to go camping with your family. You can play games, do campfire, and make moors while you are in the outdoors. For example, when I was 8 years old I went camping with my family. I remember that day it was so cold. I slept in the back in the trunk with my cousins, and then I transferred to the passenger seat because it was so cold. The next morning everybody woke up and then after we took a walk around the lakes. Afterwards everybody packed their stuff and headed back home. All of these are examples of doing outdoors activity with your family. Spending time outdoors with your family like hiking, going to the state fair, and going camping is fun and everybody will enjoy their day. Everybody should at least do one of these activities outdoors, so you can feel relief from everything you have in mind. Having fun at these places would want you to go back again 