. It has been said that 1st Impressions are almost impossible to change. This statement to me is wrong. Impressions can be changed not only because people always mature in life, but also people may change by others actions, and they way life treats one another. Impressions can be changed because people mature in life. For example, my mother tells me all the time that I was not the same kid she raised because of my appearance and the way I act around others. So, it is because I have matured that I have changed, if I was 7 or 8 years old, I would be shay to talk to people and try to be polite to not cause problems. Also, people would never smoke or even talk back if their impressions matter like they did when they were little. So peoples impressions change when you get mature in misimpressions can be changed because of the people around them. For example, my little brother may not do all the things that he does now if it weren't for my behavior around others, back then my little brother would be very shay to speak. Then he saw how I spoke to others; with security, courage, and calm. He learned that from me, and now he talks to anyone he enjoys hanging out with. So, with people being and influence in someone's life, you would make a good or a bad impacted on someone's life which would change someone's impression for sure. Impressions can be changed because the way life treats one another. For example, a week from my birthday I was going to turn 14 my dad got arrested; I did not feel like I wanted to throw a party, I hated everything because I said to my self life isn't fair, Then the next morning in school, every one's impression of was that I never felt sad, I was a happy young teen; Until the next day everyone was wishing me a happy early birthday. I didn't feel happy about it because my mind was all caught up on my fathers arrest. People noticed that, and their impression changed because I never felt happy in my life, everything went wrong. Instead of everyone greeting me every morning, they just gave me space because they thought that I was depressed, and I was for a good time. Now people take me seriously now because I didn't make jokes. So peoples impression changes ever since they saw the way life wasn't fair. In conclusion, It has been said that 1st Impressions are almost impossible to change. This statement to me is wrong. Impressions can be changed not only because people always mature in life, but also people may change by others actions, and they way life treats one another. All of these reasons are true because no one really knows what life, maturity, and the people around you can do to affect someone's 1st impressions of you.