After school Homework Clubfoot students do not enjoy doing their homework at home; for it can get quite frustrating. A lot of students favorite part of their school day is going home, but some other students favorite part of the day is their after school club. Now teachers and students are volunteering to meet with people who have difficulty in subjects or who want to finish their homework early, but after school. I think it is great that people are staying after school to help other people with school work and learning. It is a good to be a part of an after school homework club because it makes teachers do what they're best at, it helps students understand certain things better, and a club made for troubled kids makes other kids not afraid to ask for help when they don't understand something. A teachers main job is to teach their students common knowledge that they will need when they become independent adults. Although the main job for teachers is teaching, they can, and should, also inspire their students. With this after school club students will be inspired to help others when they see their own teachers helping others to better understand something. Feeling believed in is an amazing feeling that students will feel in the club. The teachers who are helping the students aren't getting paid to be their, they are volunteering to help the students because they believe that the student can learn and understand something better, with their help. The people who volunteer to help their students would also be helping their community. The smarter that the teachers make their students the brighter the future we're headed towards. Not only can the after school homework club help teachers do their job, but it can also give students the extra help that they need to understand a subject. Learning and understanding something new is something a lot of people struggle with. Some people struggle with learning something new because the class period that they learned it in was too short. A lot of times when learning something new it is important to have time to understand it, and one class period is not long enough. The club would give students extra time to understand the subject, and possibly do the homework that the subject required. Doing homework at home can be stressful at times. A lot of times a home is loud and distracting, but with a one-on-one class with a teacher it would be quite and not distracting. There are different ways that a person learns best. Some people are visual learners and some are verbal learners. Some students don't understand what they're being taught because of the way its being taught. A visual learner could be learning verbally, and it might just be very confusing because of it being taught verbally. The club would have teachers teaching in the students proffered way. Because of students getting extra help, more students are becoming unafraid to ask for help when they have trouble understanding something. This club makes students know that they aren't the only ones that have trouble in school. A lot of people feel dumb because they can't do something properly or even understand it, but with the club they would see that they aren't the only ones struggling to understand the subject. If a person that you knew was getting help from a teacher after school and the next day they completely understood the subject, wouldn't you want to go be a part of the club too? Most people think of after school clubs as a fun and relaxing activity to calm down their mind from their stressful day at school. After school activities are like school, but it's fun, and it is exciting. Learning can be made fun in after school clubs because they have students all sharing their struggles and getting help for them. The after school homework club would be a safe place for all the people who are afraid to ask for help, but aren't afraid to be a part of a group. The club makes people feel welcome, not alone, and so much more. The after school homework club benefits all the people in the community. It benefits the students by giving them the help they need to succeed. It benefits the teachers by giving them a chance to inspire others to help each other. The after school homework club benefits the students parents because it prevents the students from coming home to complain about their homework that they don't understand. The after school homework club is the best thing a school could do for their community.