Success consist of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm, and I agree with this statement, because can do what it wants if try and try, and everything is doing with effort, and then a failure can be for a better opportunity in the future. Did you hear that failure means success sometime? Well effort is the best way that you can reach what you wish. Can do what it wants if try and try, so let me tell you something about a friend that is close to me, and he was in failure to failure, so one time he came to me, and he told me his problems, and then he cries, and I tell him, "don't worry everything will be okay", and then he said - I'm going to try again this is the second time that I failure, and I will try again until to have what I want, and I tell him that I always will be there for him, because he is my friend and the friend is to be there for each other when it needs, and then two years later he told me that he finally has what he was trying to do in the pass, and he was very happy, and I was happy too. If my friend didn't try he were unhappy, and maybe he were a miserable person, but he is strong, and he did it. Do you know "what you can do with effort", means? Effort is something that it has to be present in your life everything is made it with effort, when I was 14 years old I was in my country, I was in 9th grade, and my friends, and I was happy for our graduation, but I was award because we had a final exam and the exam was about my country history, but is not that simple because I had to know a book of 6 paragraph, and some paragraph is like 10 sentences each, and I had to tell to the principal the entire book, so, and then I had to learn 50 question about my country that it comes in the book too, so I had to take the test writing about this 50 question, but I already took one, and I fail, and I was scared about it, but I tell my self you can do it, you have to pass, and I was studying everyday after school at my home, with my friends, and sometimes my cousins help me how to do it, or they help me to learn; they're asking me the questions to know if I knew correctly each question and answer, so the day of the test I was a little scared and nervous, because I feel I will forget everything, and finally it was my turn, and I did it right I was so happy with myself because it was hard, I put all my effort in this test and I did it, and my friends and I graduate at the same time. If I were lazy and not interest in to pass this exam maybe I had to repeat the school year and I were disappointed with my self. A failure can be for a better opportunity in the future. Now I come with an anecdote of my uncle Generic_Name that already died he was illiterate, and his job was the security in a nightclub, and that was his job in his entire life, and one day the boss went with new rules for everyone, and his boss tell him his job-you have to write the number and the name of the people that come in the nightclub every day, and my uncle tell to his boss-I would like to do that Sr. but I can not read and write I'm illiterate, and I can not do what you are asking for my Sr. his boss tell him-I'm so sorry Generic_Name but if it is like that you can not work any more here, and my uncle Generic_Name answer,-but what I'm going to do I can not do anything else this was my job in my entire life. His boss said,-I'm sorry Generic_Name. And then my uncle left the place he was upset telling to himself what I'm going to do I need a job, and he remember that he fix the chairs of the nightclub, and he said-I can do that in the town and earn some money just for my food, and he went to his house and find some nail and tools, but that was not enough, and he had some save money, and he went to the city to buy what he needs; the way to get to the city was two days in mule and when he come back to the town the next day his neighborhood went to his house and told to my uncle-you have a hammer that I can borrow, and my uncle tell him-Yes! But I can't borrow you my hammer, because I need it I have to work, and his neighborhood said-Please I can bring you tomorrow in the morning, and my uncle puzzling said-Ok! At the next day his neighborhood tell to my uncle-where did you buy this hammer because is perfect can I give you the money, and you can go buy other one for you, and my uncle said-well it's okay I'm going tomorrow in the morning, the other neighborhood knew that he will go to the city to buy some things, and they ask if he can bring things to them, and they will pay extra money, and he tells them-okay no problem I've come back in two day then he were thinking about how he will earn money doing travels to the city, and buying things for the other people in the town, so he decides that will be his job and then he did it, and earn enough money that he ask the store, but a truck come to drop the merchandise to his house, and like that he where improved his little store in the town than he remember one of his friend can make tools and like that they fabricate the tools, and they find more people to make it too, and little by little he makes a big hardware it was the first hardware in the town; the day to open for the first time his hardware someone asks him to sing in the book, and he said- I would like to sing, but I can not read and write, and the man said-WHAT! I can not believe that Sr. if you made this factor been illiterate what would you do if you could read and write, and he answer maybe I keep my old job and I still were a security of a nightclub. If my uncle didn't try to find some job for himself he didn't reach all the had at that time. Success consist of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm, so you never have to forget about the enthusiasm because if you do not motivate yourself you will never get what you want, what you wish, your dreams, and the best way to reach all of these goals is with enthusiasm.