Some people might have heard this before, "The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low, and achieving our mark." This is what the great artist Michelangelo said. People might not agree with this, yet setting aims higher is better. This is because by setting our aim high, people will be able to achieve bigger goals. Setting aims high might conceive more unique thoughts than people with rivet thoughts that set their aims too low. There can be significant possibilities towards many directions too. Firstly, by setting your aim high, there can be significant possibilities towards many directions. Many people set their aims before they do or think about something. For example, which do you think will have more possibilities for job. Just applying for cleaning dishes because that's easy, or applying for every work field you can work for. This is the same for schools. For another example, a student that does not know what he wants to do for his future choosing to go to the military, or going to collage with many opportunities. Going to the collage can increase the job opportunities, and he might find a better job than going to military. Furthermore, setting our aim high will help people to conceive more unique or their real thoughts than people with rivet thoughts that set their aim too low. For example, people that aim low are most likely conceal or are not aware of their thoughts. This is because people that aim low will not try to achieve something too hard for them. On the other hand, people that aim high will try to achieve harder tasks, and think about more things. This will help the human brains to develop and can help people to think uniquely than other people. Famous artists that have created significant art works could have not created anything great if they have set a limit for their self. They all did not make any limit for their self and their abilities to create great works. All the unique ideas and arts exist because the famous artists aimed high. In addition, by setting our aim high we can achieve bigger goals than setting a lower aim for a higher possibility. For example, Just working for the minimum requirement for an assignment than working for the maximum of that assignment, which will give you a better grade? The answer will most likely be working for the maximum of the assignment. If you have your aim low you might give up before you achieve a task even if that was an important task. If your aim is high you won't give up and achieve the task. Therefore, having your aim higher is better than just trying to do the easiest thing you can. Some people might say that by setting the aim too high that can make them suffer. This can be true, but that does not mean you should aim too low. What is important is to keep everything balanced to the best. Everyone has been said to eat a balanced meal when they were a small child. This is the same for everything. Understanding your own abilities and setting the aim to what you can possibly achieve rather than setting the goal for something easy. Some might say that if people don't aim high they won't have to work hard, so they will have less stress. They might have less stress but not every stress is bad for people. Stress can even help people sometimes. For example, I was a student in Japan that hated school and was too lazy to do any work. I had a lot of stress and that made me stay at home all the time. Staying at home did not relieve my stress at all, and I did not feel good about my self. Therefore, I chose to go to school again. Stress will mostly affect bad for you, but there are good affects too. Finally, The hole point about this is that running away and choosing the easy way is not the best decision. Aiming low might look like it's the simple and easy way that's safer but what's really the danger is for people to forget to aim high and believe they can achieve great things. The best is to make a decision that won't make you regret and making the best aim you can make. No one has to be excellent or perfect, but everyone should try their best in their short life, so they can die with no regret.