The research study has shown that there are 25% of people thinks that trying same things over and over can never make you flourish in your life. Some people believed that you always have to try something new every day, while others believed that they always want to work in something that they always flourished in. Although, doing what they know can make people feel confident but, It's salient for us to flourish in our life, because you can learn new things to be successful, you can have more experience, you can also master in more things than you are in right now for more opportunity. First, trying new things can help you to be successful, sometimes you inserted that into your mind that you have never done that thing then, you end up saying that you can't do that, but never ever make that egregious decision in your life unless you never try you never going to know. For Example, a friend of mine named Generic_Name, once said that "Try but don't Cry" it means that don't ever think that you can't do it, you can, and you can do it in better way than anyone else don't ever break your confident because of you nervous or for any other reason, but that's not how it works, you just need to fight through whatever reason you had. A myriad of people thinks that when they don't know what to do they always give up instead of trying, but its salient for all of us to put that confident into your mind. Also, sometimes it can be erroneous your feeling when nobody goes to gives work to you because you never have done that work, and also you refused to do it. Moreover, it is important for you to have more experience of everything than you have in order to flourish. Experience can make such a difference in what you have learn because it can prepare you from the beginning, so then you can't struggle anymore in the future, it can be harder at the beginning for some people, but it will get way easier as you work through it in the future. For Example, a student at Generic_school named Generic_Name had said that "if I take classes that related to my career in high school it can make myself to be prepared for career in the future." It means that he can have a myriad of experience in high school since, he is a flourishing student, also he can learn and experience things very quickly, so then it's easy for him when he'll go to enter into his own career field. He'll not go to have that much trouble of being in that field like nowadays other people have, and also He'll not go to be full of experience when he will go their or how it works, but he can learn basic things that he suppose to have in order to be in that career field. Lastly, you can master more than you are right now. If you mastered more there are more opportunity for you to get more scholarships. Scholarships can help you to graduated from high school with more credits and there are more chances for you to get accepted in collages. You can get to the collage that you really want to go into. There are myriad of collages that want you to be more intelligent and have mastered in everything because that's what they stand for since, it is higher level of education they need, so it's hard if you don't mastered more It's not always like how you think that that's going happened sometime collages look for some staff members that you are never good at, so it's important for all of us be always active. It's not fun to mastered more, but sometimes you just have to make fun by working hard and putting you best effort into that work. In Conclusion, it is salient to all of us to be good and stay active in everything that we can, because you never know when that all stuff that you have experience on can help you, so we just need to be prepared it can flourish your future life. It's better for you to try flourishing from beginning of everything you have to have bit of experience about everything it can also open up your future door to get success. For instants job, career and many other things that can help you to grow you experience that's the reason why we have to know or learn everything that is important it can help you to get into a career that can change your life.