"There are advantages of cell phone usage in class but their even more disadvantages to it." cell phones aren't great for students to use in classroom because it causes distraction and make students not focus while teachers give instructions. Teenagers get so easily distracted by anything because they are careless and aren't aware. Phones aren't beneficial nor useful. Students should use either school or home laptop it is more beneficial and useful than cell phones and in that ways teachers will be easily find out what they have done in class.First, the reason why cell phones aren't useful for students in classroom for educational purpose it's because of distraction; that will bother the whole class, and might bother teachers too. Since cell phones are one of the rule to be use in class then all have to follow it. For instance, if teacher assign work for students to do during class on their phones imagine what will be the result nothing might be done by the end. Laptops have big screen so that teachers can follow up with their students. With cell phones is difficult for teachers to know whether or not the student have done something in class. Students have good tricks especially teenagers. They might be acting like they are working, but truly they are messaging, and once the teacher approach he/she change the page, so they can show evidence that they are working. Teachers are even smarter they know how to deal with students like this. They either sit with them to help them out or ask to come after school if they really struggle and can't do anything. In this situation is a good idea for teachers to collect phone before class starts and hand them back by the end. Any advice could be more useful than cell phone. That is also the reason why cell phones aren't beneficial. Additionally, cell phones aren't always beneficial the reason why is that it distracts easily. It causes problems between students. For example, if there are two students playing soccer on their phone how will they focus; they can't control themselves one shout happy scores, and the one who lost want to beat the other guy who win and so on. Cell phones shouldn't be use at all in class but only with teachers permission. It will be even better if two teachers help out in the class with work. They both will help students pay attention and participate. Both together will be able to control phones usage. It is hard when you are working on an essay and suddenly a message pop up you can't control yourself, and you can't focus just because of the message you are carious and really want to know what is happening. That is the reason why cell phones shouldn't be use in class just because of distraction and the impact that might happen to students from using it. However not everyone agrees, some argue that cell phones is great to be use in schools for educational purposes. First think about the disadvantage that could happen with this use or rule. Think about others and how that might affect them. Will you be able to control yourself if you receive a text from a friend?. In fact, there are many things that might cause distraction, but one of the biggest distraction are cell phones, however, any other things can be control. Any other device will be okay because it will easy to be seen by teachers. Cell phones won't help you at all however it will bring your grades down, and it will bother you. Not everyone has same opinion others have positive view on the use of cell phones. Which is okay but think about it more. Look to its positive and negative impact on students, and you fill find the answer. Why most students will agree with the use of cell phone in class?. Some students aren't always aware of what they are doing, and they are careless. They think messaging or whatever they are doing in class is more important than their grades. Students should avoid all distraction such as food, cell phones, and music to help our society develop. If all students focus and pay attention that will have a huge impact on the environment.