My Grandma always used to say that "working with a group is fun and all, but at the end of the day, I would have to understand what the group activity was about, but at the same time working with a group can get more work done, and we help each other." She explained to me that there isn't group work when it comes down to taking a test or quiz. Students are always sitting down and learning maybe getting up and working with a couple of classmates can help learn too. I'm the one in a seat answering the questions on a test or quiz. There is no group work involved when it comes down to that. I think working alone and working as a group can both be beneficial. First when working in a group I can understand my classmates more than my teacher. I can understand more especially if a student just like me explains everything. I might not understand something's or tend to forget, however someone in my group could know or refresh my memory by giving me notes, or vise versa. Furthermore, I can get a ton of work done as a group, but do I really understand what I just did. For example, say we have a group of five students, three of them are constantly talking, the other two students are the only ones in the group that are actually doing the work. The grade that the group received was a 95. If the students are quizzed on what they have just completed, the students that were talkative are most likely to get a lower grade than the two students that were actually doing the activity without getting off-topic. Second when working alone there are no distractions. I would get my work done peacefully, at a rate I would like to go. I would not get as much work done as if I was in a group, but the teacher would know that it's all my work. For example, say I'm working with a group, we get a 93 for the whole group work. I received a quiz on what we just did, and I got a 78. After that performance, the teacher gave me notes and went over the same material with me. I studied; and I took the quiz again. This time I got a 90. Therefor, this goes to show that working alone helps the teacher figure out what you need help on. Some people say that working in a group can cause fights, distractions, and poor quality work ethic. I feel like working alone is more beneficial. Everything can not be done in a group. Sometimes you have to work alone to fully grasp the subject. Working alone lets your brain process better especially at its own rate. The teacher can really see what you need help on. In conclusion, I think that both working in a group and working alone are beneficial. I think that working alone is more beneficial because everyone works and really understands the subject at a different pace. Working in a group does not show the teacher a specific person's work. That's why I think working alone can better help yourself and is more beneficial.  