Do you think success consists of going from failure to failure? Former British Prime Minister Winston Churchill once said that "success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm." In my opinion, when you want to reach your goal or your dream you can fail or success, but you shouldn't give up you should keep trying till you reach your goal. So, I do not agree with Churchill's statement about the important role that failure plays in the pursuit of the success. There's no people that hasn't failed in his/her life at least once but there are some that did success, you only have to work really hard or fight for what you want, and you shouldn't never loss your enthusiasm, that is something that people should never forget, to have enthusiasm for something. First, there is no people that has not failed at least once in their whole life. In this world there is a lot of people that had mistaken, failed or disappointed. For example in their goal, getting a job, not getting good grades in school, not succeeding etc. there is no perfect people that hasn't made any mistake. Failing does not always have to be about your personal life. You could fail your family or friends just by lying them or disappointing them. Maybe there are some people that hasn't failed just few like 1%. I do say this because my cousin, she has never disappointed or failed their parents she has perfect grades and have a higher score in school she already graduated with a scholarship. Now she is in Virginia Tech University. In order to reach your goal or your dream, you have to work really hard to success. If you had failed once or more do not get sad or depressed yourself you are strong enough to handle it. There is always an opportunity or another chance that life will give you. Work hard you should never give up easily, fight for what you want to reach your big dream. Life is not easy life is hard no one ever has said that life was easy if you want something you have to work hard for it, I know you get drop(sad) by failing in something, but you can get up. If you can't success in something make another plans there is a lot to do and another opportunities that you can get, do not just get stuck in one thing. Look for other things that you want, and maybe you will like it and enjoy it. People in this world should never lose their enthusiasm. You are enthusiasm for something go for it do not let other people to do that for you or take it. Enthusiasm is something to appreciate and work hard for it. Not everyone is enthusiasm they don't have that; that interest, that strong warmth of feeling, or that inspired of something you would love to do or have. Be proud of yourself if you are enthusiastic for something. People without it has no feeling for something they don't care about their lives or future they only get what they can do for it, they don't give their feeling for it. They accept what they get. For Instance, when I was a kid I use to be perfect at my school I was the best student with good grades, but when I moved here to US I had to start again because I didn't know any English so to success with my English I really had to work hard. In conclusion, I do not agree with Churchill's statement. Success does not have two consists of going from failure to failure. You do fail a lot of times but If you don't give up and work really hard you can success for your goal or your big dream. Just never lose the enthusiasm that you have for something, that keeps you up for it, the warmth feeling you have to inspire and interest for it is strong so don't give up. Always work hard for what you want, and you will success. Life isn't easy not even for reach people. 