Many people tell me I have talent in soccer. For most of my years I trained to get better and better, so I can become the best on my team. There were some faster players on my team and there still are. If you have ball control and skills you will be able to dribble past faster and stronger opponents. Also, you will be able to hold the ball in your possession until someone opens up for a clear pass. Some skills I have are ball control, speed, agility, stamina, and dribbling. I developed ball control by practicing and watching professional soccer players play. My dad knows drills to gain ball control he taught me how to do them. Then I started doing those drills 3 times a week. I knew I was making progress because I was keeping more possession of the ball during my games and practice. I was able to keep possession of the ball until my teammates got open for a good position to receive the ball. Speed, agility, and stamina are some of the basic skills you need for this sport. For speed, I did a lot of running, I would run at least 3 laps around the field for warm up with my brothers and dad. I also did many exercises for my leg muscles not too many weights because that would make my legs stiff. For agility, I did some similar drills to the speed ones but faster movement and there are many drills I also had to do with quicker pace. For stamina, it was just a lot of running to get better at not getting tired too early and to be able to play for full 90 minutes of your game with enough energy. I enjoy doing drills for dribbling because it's fun. My strongest skill in soccer is probably dribbling. I used to do a lot of drills for dribbling when I was new to the sport and I did more drills and got better and better each time. I would mostly play left mid because I was able to keep possession of the ball longer. Also, when there's no one open to receive the ball or in a good position to receive the ball I would have to dribble through many players and I would go to the left corner, so most of the defenders would come and try to get the ball leaving the striker open and making it easier for him to score, and sometimes I dribble to the goal and try to score. Do you think you can work harder to achieve a goal?