Have you ever wondered about the important's and the difference between imagination and knowledge? Knowledge and imagination are both very important, but I think knowledge is more important. Imagination is like thinking about something, or putting your self in that situation, while knowledge is an understanding gained by actual experience, and it is also known as something learned and kept in your mind. Knowledge helps a lot of people to get jobs, so everyone should try to get a knowledge, so they can use it to help other people that don't have very good knowledge. Majority of all the humans in the world get their knowledge from schools. They either get it from a public school which is made by the government, or they get their knowledge from a private school which is made by and individual, or a group of people. Schools provide knowledge to students by putting them in classes with students that are their age. You need knowledge to give the students the information you learned, you can't be selfish with you knowledge because you must have been thought by someone, or you must have used someone's resources to be intelligent. So if you have a good education help other people that are not as smart as you because they can help you when you need it in life. If there was no knowledge in the world there will be no electronic devices that we can use, there will be no new inventions. We are going to need more doctors to study and find out the cures to all the new diseases that is spreading around the world that's why we have schools and teachers to help. I think all knowledge should be free from first grade to the end of your college year. Having to pay for college education makes a lot of students drop out and do drugs, and they always get addicted to drugs and alcohol they even try to be YouTubers or rappers which most of the time does not work. Finally I disagree that imagination is more important than knowledge. So if you have a good knowledge you should be proud to share it with others. Imagination i also good for you but you should focus more on getting you knowledge, so you can help others. Helping others makes you feel much better about your self, and it makes you day better.