Imagine a world that's black, gray, dead, full of people with depression, this could happen because of how people think that small kind acts couldn't help others at all. These small acts of kindness could benefit the whole world, change it too. This could Create self reputation. Self reputation can be created a lot of different ways, but one kind and easy way is by being kind to others around you, this could help create or maintain relationships of any kind, another way this could benefit you is because sometimes other people will be nice to you in exchange this could impact you and others immensely, I know this from experience because sometimes I just give a simple short compliment to others, and it lights up their day, and sometimes when I am feeling down and its noticeable, people are nice to me in exchange. This would make you more noticeable anywhere, people will know you as the kindest guy/girl around, so then people will ask you for a compliment, or they will be nice to you. This next way I will be talking about could really help out our community, or even the whole world. This could change the world because, the world we live in is pretty corrupted in many ways, but we could change that by being nice to others, for example if you are nice to someone they are going to feel happy so that person would want others to feel happy, so he is kind to others, so it basically just loops, if more people are kind then the more people they will influence causing more people to be kind. This could give others the reputation they want, like being more noticeable, I know this because it happened to me, I had just decided to be kind to others around my school, and it made me more noticeable, causing other classmates to be nicer in order to be more noticeable, so everybody wins practically. Lastly a really kind way to impact others with kindness is, you could make them feel better about themselves, like Aesop said, "No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted." Like complimenting someone could make their day, and this impacts them and others around that person because they noticed that someone had been nice to that person and had made their day too, because it's wholesome. You could change peoples lives, like it changed mine, I was usually around 11 years old, and I had some trouble at school and home, but the people that are my friends now, just made my whole year, maybe my whole life because I knew some of them were going to stay with me till the end. You could be kind to someone that really need support, like people that are having trouble at home and school, this could change their lifestyle into a more happy way. These are all reasons why no matter how small and act of kindness can be it could really change someone's life. 