What is a small act of kindness that can have an impact on others? What do people feel when they have some of that kindness in their life? When you get an act of kindness do you give some of that lite kindness that orders need? You need that small act of kindness like the ancient Greek storyteller Aesop said, "No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted. Who has that small act of kindness that can have on impact on others, what do people feel when they have some of that kindness in their life and when you get an act of kindness do you give some of that lite kindness that orders need? What is a small act of kindness that can have an impact on others? The small act of kindness is a very important because people can't get a smile on their face every day. That smile on your face of that kindness is good for your health. That small act of kindness can make someone day. You don't now what they are going throw that why it is wasted in people life. They are people when they get that small act of kindness give to others. What do people feel when they have some of that kindness in their life? When the person get that kindness they feel like they are being loved. You can feel the kindness that person has for you. They can make feel happy inside and outside. That can be one of the grates feel in the world that you have to have. You don't have to give an object to some to make them happy. You can just be kind to them, you can make their day. When you get an act of kindness do you give some of that lite kindness that orders need? The act of kindness should give to others to show them that you love them. That they gave that kindness that you don't always get. Just being their for some can show that you are giving that kindness back. You can help some clean there house that is giving kind back to others. You can just give a person a smile that give a sing that you are give kindness. Who has that small act of kindness in your family, what does your family feel when they have some of that kindness in their life and when you get an act of kindness do you give some of that lite kindness that orders need? Do you have that small acts kindness in life? What something that make you feel like they are being kind to you? What is something you do to be kind to other people? What do you consider to be kindness?  