" How would pairing older students with younger students in school be helpful for both older and younger students?" When I was in elementary school in Zambia I skipped 4th grade and went in 5th grade, and it was challenging for me to keep up with the work in 5th grade. I was used to doing the same work as the other 4th graders in my school however things changed when I skipped 4th grade to 5th grade. When I got in 5th grade I started doing harder work than I did in 4th grade, I started getting lower grades than I did in 4th grade. When I was in 5th grade (where there were older people than me) I had to work hard to be at the same level as the other 5th graders. This was like taking college classes in high school. Pairing older students with younger students in school will help both the older and younger students because the younger students will be able to learn from the older students, the older students will learn how be good examples for the younger students, and the older students will encourage the younger students to keep learning and become good examples when they grow up. When younger students are paired with older students, the younger students will be able to learn from the older students. Generally speaking kids are most likely to follow what older people are doing. In this case if older students are paired with younger students the younger students will learn good manners from the older students. Younger students will learn many things from the older students such as: good behavior, hard work, kindness, etc... When I'm sitting around elder at home I learn a lot about different countries and cultures in the world. For instance, when the elders are talking about what is happening in Congo - a country in Africa - I learn about the economy in Congo and its government. It is just like learning in my Civics class at school. This is beneficial for me because I get learn and share about is going in some other places with my Civics teacher. When older students are paired with younger student, the older students will learn how to be good examples for the younger students. Being a good example for younger kids is best for what they will do and be in the future hence, it is why my parents tell me to be the good example for my younger brothers by being well-behaved and respectful so that my younger bothers will learn from my behavior. My AVID teacher told me that when his son was young he taught him that boots were bananas and bananas were boots therefor his son knew that boot were bananas and bananas were boots. According to what AVID teacher told me in the pasted sentence it shows that kids do what elders do. It is really important for older people to be good examples for the younger ones. When older students are paired with younger students, the older students will encourage the younger students to keep learn in school and become good examples when they grow up. Additionally, when older students are paired with younger students it will encourage the students to work hard and on the same level as the older students. I have a friend who skipped 7th grade at my school. When I asked her how she was doing in 8th grade, she said at first it was really hard for her to maintain her grades. But she encouraged herself to work hard and get good grades. She had to study every night and on the other hand she had work to do at home. It became challenging for her to keep up with both school work and work she did at home. Ultimately from all her hard work she got a scholarship for college while in middle school. Pairing older kids with younger kids in school is helpful for both the older students and the younger students because the younger students will be able to learn from the older students, the older students will learn how to be good examples for the younger students, and the older students will encourage the younger students to keep learning in school and become good examples for others when they grow up. How would your life be like being in a place where there are no elderly people to learn from? We should always be good examples for younger people so that they can learn from us. 