Many people debate about this topic since one of the most known scientist said this statement. A lot of people agree and disagree, and from my knowledge, I agree. Imagination is something that everyone has, not everyone has knowledge. Imagination can lead you to imagine things that other people haven't. This is how many scientists got fame by just thinking about new things. With imagination, you can think about a new type of computers, new math formula, or a new type of material that hasn't been invented yet. Many scientists invented new stuff from just thinking about new formulas or experiments that they could to make something new. There's also things like the periodic table, that the scientist who made it spent days and nights just thinking about new substances and materials, when he went to sleep, he dreamed about new substances that later on got on the periodic table. Thinking about things in places you shouldn't, like school, could either lead you success and give new things to do and study, or low grades because you weren't paying attention, most of the times is the second option. Thinking is most of the time in math, where you have to do a hard equation and think and do a lot of work. If you like to think, that might be your favorite class, and you will get good grades. Getting good grades in math is perfect, it means that you have a good memory, and you can easily learn new things (it usually means that when you can do a lot of problems without having difficulty). Imaginations can also give you knowledge, when you think, it opens a new whole world of ideas. You can basically do anything you want. You can basically experiment with anything you want, but you might not get the right answer or the thing you expected, but you will also learn why. These type of things can also help you to learn why something did or did not work as planned. It also helps you think about stuff that you could or not do in real life, for example doing something that is legal, and you shouldn't do. It also helps when you think a rule or a law is dumb, you can think what could happen if you did it, that could work to see why it's a rule. Imagination is something that everyone has and everyone can use without a limit. Using it can lead to a lot of stuff, such as success and making new things. Knowledge is something not everyone has and not everyone can use, imagining can lead you to learn new stuff without doing much effort or risking doing it in real life and might get in trouble by doing it.