Every student should have the opportunity to be involved in extracurricular activities for them to enrich their educational experiences. Here are some reasons why they should be involved in activities, when they're involved in activities they have the opportunity to do different kind of stuff outside home, school, and even work. They also learn how to be independent and responsible. Also being in extracurricular activities could also help the students' health. First, when students are involved in activities outside school and home, it gives them the chance to experience different things outside school, home, or even work. They learn different kind of things. Things they wouldn't learn in school. For example during school they learn about math, science, history, and English. When they're home they do nothing but homework and help around the house some students have to work. If they're involved in activities, they have the opportunity to experience different kind of stuff for example: if a student decided to do a sport they would learn about that certain sport, and they would also play it and enjoy it with a team. If they play a sport they would have to also practice at home, but not verse others or be in a team to practice with. Second, students learn how to be more independent when involved in activities. For example, when I decided to join figure skating I wasn't independent, I didn't really know how to do things by myself, and when I joined at first it was kind of hard because I needed help with everything but as time passed by I started to learn how to be more dependent. I started doing almost everything by myself without any help, I was more dependent at home, school, and figured skating. Being involved in this activity, also taught me how to be more responsible. When doing activities you need to learn how to use your time wisely because you will need time for school, homework, family, and the activity you're involved in. Being involved in an activity is a good way to learn how to be responsible, how to be independent, and how to manage your time wisely. Last, joining an activity can help with your mental and physical health specially if it's a sport. Joining an activity is a good way to distract yourself from school, home, or work. This is because you will be thinking about the rules of the activity or about the point of that certain activity. It also helps your physical help meaning that it helps you exercise, and it helps your body do what it needs to do. Being involved in a sport is a good way to help you exercise and distract yourself from other things. Being involved in activities such as sports or school clubs allows you to enjoy that time. If It's something you really like then It's something you can look forward to after having a bad day or a stressful day. When I had a bad day I would always think about skating and what I should do to make my jumps better. I would also go to the skating ring and practice, this helped me be more active and helped my physical health too. Being involved in a sport or any other activities is a good way to help students look forward for things. Some people may argue that schools should control student involvement in extracurricular activities because some students don't have time to do school assignments, but that shouldn't be their problem, that would be the students' problem because students should know that if they join more than one activity they will still need to do school assignments such as homework or projects. Students should learn how to manage their time and use it wisely. Students and families should control the student involvement in extracurricular activities.