Although they say it is better to not try to redo things you already mastered then you will never grow, Actually it is better to retry something you already mastered, one example is you will have more experienced on the task your suppose to accomplish with. Another example is they would take you in as a responsible person. One of the following examples I mentioned was how you will have more experienced on the task your suppose to accomplish because having that experience there is so many things that can get done. With the experience you can multitask. In today's society people around the world have their own jobs and work and from now then have experienced the job. For me when I got my first job I had no experience I did not know what I was doing, so they trained me from then I started getting the hang of it I knew from then what my job was to do. I've been working at Party City for a year already, and I already have experienced even have the chance to become a manager from the store. All I know is that with experience things can get accomplished and turn out fine to the best things that get done. Another example that I mentioned was they can see you as a responsible person, and they know what rights and wrongs you can show them. A responsible person can show so many ideas or reasons for someone to be that good person they expect themselves to be. In today's society that we live in there is so many people all around the world who are responsible for their actions they know what is best. For example when it comes to babysitting one of my siblings it's a huge responsibility to take care just like how my parents left them for me that's how they want to come and find them. It's my job for them to make sure they don't get hurt and for me to have the time to feed them and to please them from the things they want. My mother calls me responsible since I know that I love kids and it's my job to keep them safe. Responsibility matters in society good things can come your way if you honestly see yourself doing big things that are right in life.However, the opposite of trying something you already mastered is "If you don't retry something you mastered then you will never grow" meaning won't get to accomplish what you could have accomplished more and won't experience new choices or things. The things that people in society do which in life it can come to a time that you have to redo something it is best to retry and if you don't it then you won't accomplish things meaning it won't take you nowhere because you would forget other than that you won't get to experienced anything new that you couldn't accomplish.Throughout society we know that it's best to retry things and to keep completing the accomplishments that wanted to get done either it's best to keep building up more experiences and to become responsible person or to not even retry to do the things you were doing before which they would not get you anywhere. Throughout life it's a big chance which you can see yourself happy and from then having a smile on your face. People even complementing you about how well done things you accomplished. What I believe in is to never give up to retry things that were done before and that it can still be redone no matter what day it is in life, it's always better to accomplish then to not even try.