Some people say that it is impossible to change your first impressions. You learn from your experiences because your action, words you use or say, and your appearance can show exactly who you are. People agree with this statement because you can change your appearance, words you used and your actions.First, when you meet someone for the first time the way you act is important. Due to the fact that your actions speak louder than words is true. Your actions are things you can not change from your first impressions. When you start to act in front of somebody you just met, do not be mean or rude to them. If you do that they will think you are not a good person to be around. You need to make sure you do not mess up the first time. When you speak to someone you just met do not use bad words because if you do, they will think you do not know how to talk to someone. When you talk, you can use big words or just talk normal because no matter how many times you talk well to them, you are gaining their trust. Make sure you do not mess up or stutter a lot I know you may stutter, but you can always try your best not to stutter so much. If you mess up some people are nice enough to give you a second chance. Make sure you do not talk with your hands when you meet someone new. In addition, your appearance is the most important thing of first impressions. Your appearance is something you can not change. Your appearance is the way you look on the outside and inside. People always focus on people appearance the way you act and the words you say but mostly on your appearance. When you have a bad appearance they will think you are a bad person, and they will not want to be friends with you. If you have good appearance they might like to be friends with you, but it depends on their first impressions too. If you like the way they act or the talk or most of all their appearance. If their first impressions was good then you might want to be friends with them. Your first impressions are impossible to get out of your head and also impossible to change. On the other hand you might be able to change people's minds. Some days you can have a bad day and other days you might have a good day. Some people aspect that you are having a bad day, and they know you are not like that. However, no matter what happens to you there is always a second chance at first impressions. To sum up some people say that your first impressions are impossible to change and people agree with that. The important things are your actions, words, and your appearance. People will always learn from their own experiences. You need to always be careful of what you do, say and look like to someone. Clearly, you meet new people every day.  