The great question here is, should schools allow students to use cell phones for educational purposes, or should cell phones be prohibited in the classroom? In my opinion, schools should use cell phones in the classroom for educational purposes. Some school staff members may claim that cell phones should be forbidden in the classroom even for educational purposes. Because, they think students will lose their attentions. However, I firmly believe that schools should allow students to use cell phones in the classroom for educational purposes. Students will be effective academically as long as they use cell phones in the classroom. There are several reasons for my opinion. My first reason is that as a student, whenever I use cell phones in the classroom, I can search things easily and take pictures when needed if my teachers allow me; which will help me on my studying when I go home. Another reason for my opinion is, if I don't have my phone with me, I will be eager until the bell rings and get my phone back without concentrating on the class. For example, I have a friend whose father took her cell phone forcing here to study the whole school year. Stubbornly, she stops doing what he tells her to do. Instead, she persistently hang out and have more fun. As a result, she got F's for all of her classes. Therefore, using cell phones in the classroom helps the learning-teaching process. Using cell phones in the classroom helps to call if something happens in the class. For instance, if a stranger comes with a gun or if a lock-down happens, and I hear the stranger's voice, I will call 911 for help. Secondly, if an emergency occurs like fire, hurricane, and a huge lightning while I am in the class, I may need to call to my family to let them know how I am doing. In that case, they will know about my situation. To sum up, most people like doing things which are forbidden for them. Students may hide and use their phones for another purpose even though they are not allowed to use it in the classroom; which is riskier than using in front of the teachers. Consequently, the positive effect of using cell phones in the classroom is more influential. In conclusion, schools should use cell phones in the classroom for educational purposes. Other people say that cell phones should not be used in schools during class periods. I obstinately argue that phones should be used in the classroom for the purpose of education since the positive effect is more influential and using cell phones is quicker than using laptops or other electronic devices.