Technology allows people to complete many tasks with the limitation of human contact and can provide the use of less work and less communication. It could also be asked that what's the point of working here if theirs technology here ?. Most workers may ask that and will be furious with technology because they will have less work and probably fewer hours of work, since technology is taking over their jobs. It could also be said that technology could be taking over some jobs that require less work, which could be bad for the job environment because that means less job opportunities for people. First, it could be rude to the staff that work their because of less human communication. How is it rude? Well think of it like this: someone is better than you at your job and you want to be better, but you can't because the person you're going up against is a computer and knows mostly anything and everything on what to do in those situations. Most people may have to face the fact that you can't do anything about technology. Second, The limitation of human contact due to the use of technology will have negative effects on peoples lives because technology will help most people in some cases, but most people wouldn't appreciate the help from technology because it could be taking over their jobs and have less human contact with others. But the fact is people should appreciate technology because of what they're providing. Most people may not see it that way or feel like its helping them. In conclusion, I believe with the reasons I have provided that technology will have a negative effect because of the way they're taking over most jobs and seeking happiness to people that enjoy it. People wouldn't like to admit the fact that technology is actually helping them and providing less work for them. Technology is actually seeking to steal most peoples jobs by doing their work for other people. I truly believe that the negative effect on technology is doing jobs for others that have the ability to do it. 