When we're born we come out of our mothers' womb, the first thing we naturally do is screech and cry, and if we don't cry the doctor hits us on our backs and try's to make us cry. And from that cry on we develop our own kind of sound and our own screech with its own pitch. They take our fingerprints where there will never be two of the same, even when were born with our twin it will never be the same no matter how much alike we are. From there on we start to learn and develop our own persona. After were born our brain starts to function even with little stuff, babies learn to cry when they're hungry, want to be changed, when they're in pain or simply want attention. When children get older into the toddler stage they start to learn how to walk by observing everyone else they learn to talk by listening to everyone else around them. We learn how to grab our bottle, pick up a fork or spoon, and practically our own daily doings. But we learn all that from observing and listening to everyone else. When we hit our 6-12 years of age where we have a tendency that we want to fit in be in the cool kids group, and we watch TV see celebrity's see that there are musicians, actors, painters, policeman, firemen, dentist, doctors, mayors chefs, soccer players, basketball players, football players, baseball players, hockey players, tennis players, volleyball players etc. the list could go on and on, but the point here is the fact that us influence. But as we get older in our teen years 13-19 we start to have our own kind of voice at least until were old enough to make them, we all take our own paths, and we choose to make the decisions that we make, our parents don't go with us throughout the day telling us what to do or not do making our each and every decision for us, they sure do give us a hell of advice because they already went threw that stage and they don't want to see fail and get hurt but sometimes it's good that we fail and make mistakes because then we learn what we can or cannot do. Now as you turn into an adult that net that we used to have when we were living under mom and dads roof is no longer there its gone we don't have that privilege anymore, and we need to grow up and create and develop our own persona officially. When you get a job it comes with responsibilities and from there we learn if were responsible or irresponsible, if were social or non-social if were lenient of non-lenient, patient or impatient, forgiving or unforgiving. I'd like to think that were all born to grow and learn about our rugged society, and based on what we've lived is how were going to act because we can literally live in a shithole of a place and have the happiest attitude ever and have a better attitude then a boy or girl complaining that she didn't get the car she wanted, verses the kid that saw his mother get beat by his dead beat dad or the kid that was up all night wondering if his mom was going to come home tonight or even the kid that went to sleep hungry. So honestly I don't think that were born with labels I feel like we all can make our own decisions of what were going to make of life, if you're going to sit there and make everyone see you as a pity. A huge play of your character is your mentality is you have a broken done weak mindset you're going to have negative vibes and weak dead beat character, but if you have a strong mindset and the will to get stuff done then you'll have a broad and respected character. In conclusion I'd like to think that we create and build our own character and that were not given a label by any higher power of what our character is going to be in life.