Your character will be what you yourself choose to make it. Words that The British naturalist and politician John Lubbock wrote. Do we choose our own character traits, or is our character formed by influences beyond our control? My position is that we choose our own character traits. Why because Your character will be what you are and who you are. Your character will be what you yourself choose to do. A reason is each person has their own way of being who they are. There is different types of characters that make each person unique in their own way. I also think that there is character formed by influence. There is a lot of character that we can have. Many have very little and many have a lot of character. Example some people have a very sweet chapter in something they love, or some people have a different character trait that don't like to show it.character traits is away to show your personality. When you go to a job interview the person that is taking your interview is looking at your characteristic is seeing how you are if you have a good characteristic or if you have a bad characteristic. You are going to show your characteristic by the way you introduce yourself by the way you speak your body language. You are going to do what you feel control in doing. Many ask you to describe yourself and by what you say they see if that is your characteristic. Character Traits are one of the ways that describe how we are as a person. For example people describe me as a shy person that likes to help that is always offering to help. I also get described as a person that gets mad easily but does its best to not show it as much and presents nothing has happened. That's how some people describe me. For me character traits is something that is you that makes you special in some way. Everywhere you go there is going to be someone sang your characteristic. You make your own chapter, It's something you do that describes who you are.Depending on how you feel that's what you're going to show which is your character trait it all depends on us, we make our own character trait in the way we feel and act. It's important to always show a good altitude for we can be described in a good way and try to have some good character trait for we can have a good reputation in life. For example John Lubbock wrote "your character will be what you yourself choose to make it. Is very true we all make our own character and that makes us who we are and is something that makes you special and the way you are. Many people don't think that the characteristic is not as important they don't pay much attention to it because they maybe just like the looks but the charter has so much to say.character is not only in humans It's also in animals. You describe an animal by its character by the way they act and take things. It's very important to see the diff rents characteristic. Many people when they go out with someone first they ask people what kind of personality that person they are going out with or wanting know. You can tell even by there looks and there body language what kind of characteristic they have because everyone makes their own character.