Is better for students that are entering high school to know what they want to do after they finish high school? Some people will say yes, but some will say no, and they are not wrong or right answer in this question is depending on your point of view and how fast you want to active your goal and how good you want to be in your career and work. The people that say yes they say that because when you know what career you want to take before entering high school you will choose you classes better depending on your career and what high school you want to attend because come schools have programs that count like college classes, and in high school you have only four years and that is not enough time for you to choose, and you will end up in a career that you don't like if you choose the wrong one. If you know what you want to be you will comes better in that career. You can join programs to help you more in your goals and when you know your goals you can active them better. You also will try to see how can you get a scholarship for your career and what college are better for you, and you will mead people that like the same thing as you and you can make friends. When you join programs some time you can get a scholarship if you are good. For example my friend want to join the army, so he is taking ROTC to help hem do better in the army, but my other friend wants to play soccer for college, so he is taking advance p. e. to be in shape, and he is also in the school team to get a scholarship, and me I'm taking business classes to help me know more about business marketing because I want to put my own store and I'm putting everything of me to do that because that is my goal and I want to do the best of me in that project of my life. People that say that you don't have to know what you want to be before you get in to high school. They say that you can join different programs and see with one you like the most, and you will choose your career from that decision, and you will know what's about because some people choose careers that they don't like them maybe because they did't know the stuff you have to do or they did't expect to be like that. Is better to waste four years then wasting your entire live in a career that you don't like. You shall try to get a scholarship that way you don't pay for college. If you did't have a scholarship and finish college, and you are working in a career that you don't like and you did't have a scholarship you are going to be in debt, and you are going to pay a lot. If you only study for one year in college, and you fell like that career is not for you, you have to play for that year and is not cheap, so you have to choose your career when you are in high school and see what's about before entering and if you like it because if you don't like that career you are going to waste your time. For example, I did't know what career I like before high school, so I join ROTC and id ind't like it and a teacher told me to take business classes and I like it, so I chose to do business for my career. In conclusion both of them are good options but if you know what you want to be before high school you can see what's that career is about in high school and if you don't like it, you can change it and the other one you will have more chooses because you will not focus on only one career you will see more opportunities. Is depending on to choose you make. All of this depend in how you are because everyone is different and not everyone is going for the same option. But for both of them you have to do your best in school to active your goal and get a scholarship that way you don't pay for college. But first we have to finish high school and get good reads. And remember that is only one life so do your best and try to live the life that you want and don't let others tell you that you can't do something just believe in your self and that will be a big change ADN when you are in college do your best and do your work and life the live chill.