One thing I would like to accomplish in the future is to be a marine biologist and visit the ocean. There is so much about the ocean that we don't know about. About 5% of the ocean is discovered, and our earth is made of 75% water and 25% land. Marine biology is a job were you work with animals. There is so much you could do as a marine biologist. For example, you could swim with animals and collect data, you would work in a lab to find cures with animals, you could even not directly with animals but research about them. The ocean is an amazing place and is full of magnificent creatures. I would love to swim with sea life and help them in any way I can. If I see an animal caught in a net. I would try and save it. If there were animals in a bad situation such as injured, harmed, caught. I would help it. So many animals are killed every year. Either for clothes, food, wildfire, pollution, loss of habitat, etc. over 700,000 thousand animals are killed every year. That includes sea life and land life. So many animals that are endangered like the black rhino. The great white shark, etc. just from poaching. Sharks are hunted for their fins and then just tossed back into the ocean to die. Same goes for the black rhino. They are hunted for there horns and then just left to die. I want to accomplish saving some animals when I grow up. In the ocean coral reefs are dyeing because of people and habitat distraction. Some people think that coral reefs are just rocks growing out of other rocks, but they are actually animals, and they are living and breathing just like us. Maybe they don't have noses like us, they are animals, and they should be treated like animals. In ten years we would have lost 100% of our coral reefs. That doesn't mean that all the coral reefs are gone it means that there wouldn't be enough coral reefs are a good habitat. Animals need coral reefs to live in and hide from predators like bigger fish. So many animals died from plastic just drifting in the ocean. There are more than 1 million plastic being dumped into the ocean each year. Sea life dies from plastic by getting stuck in it or eating since it's not biodegradable. In the future I want to help sea life with all the plastic and at least help out with it. A lot of animals even get stuff and grow up with plastic stuck on them or in them. There is this turtle when it got caught in a tip tie. The tip tie was stuck around its shell and it couldn't get out, so it just grew around it and deformed the shell. When helpers saw the turtle they took the zip tie off of the turtle and the turtle was free, but its shell was still deformed from the zip tie. When people are recycling they should at least up the bottle holders so if it does get in the sea and an animal finds it. It is less likely to get stuck in it. Turtles eat jellyfish so when there is a plastic bag floating in the ocean. The turtle thinks it's a jellyfish and eats it. After some time the turtle might die because it can't digest the plastic.I want to accomplish visiting the ocean and go diving, snorkeling, touch wild life and help out with injured animals. 