"Studies have shown that one way to improve student achievement is to start an after school homework club." Two-thirds of the students who join an after school activity club are more likely to succeed in academics than students who do not. Schools should establish an after school homework club because it can help students finish their homework, become more socially interactive, and give students some teaching experience. Firstly, an after school homework club helps students finish their homework in time. Many students get a low grade in their class because of unfinished homework. They were not able to finish their homework because, they did not know how to do it. Teachers do not usually have the time to go through each student, and help them in class, but some teachers volunteer to meet with students who have difficulty in certain subjects in an after school homework club. Joining an after school homework club is a great way to finish your homework in time. Sometimes teacher might even give students some tips and tricks on how to solve a question, that they would not give out in class. My friend Generic_Name used to have a lot of difficulties with his math homework until he joined the after school homework club in our school. He learned many tricks on how to solve a math equation and even taught a trick to solve an "Integer Slope Inequality" equation. Moving on, an after school homework club can help students become more socially interactive. While in an after school homework club, you can find students with the same difficulties as you. This will give students something to relate to and not feel out of place. Having group discussions on how to solve a problem and having group projects in your club will also help you be more socially interactive. My friend Generic_Name made many friends by joining the after school homework club in our school, and grew a lot of confidence. He is now much less nervous when talking to people than before. Lastly, homework clubs can give students teaching experience for if they want to be a teacher when they grow up. Students can volunteer to help other students finish their homework in an after school homework club. This will give the student a lot of experience on how to teach, and deal with other students. There is a team of students is our school called the" Junior Honor Society", which helps students with academic difficulties every day after school. As a member, I have learned about a lot of ways to teach someone else, and because of my desire to be a teacher one day, this helps me a lot. Schools should establish homework clubs because it can help students finish their homework, become more socially interactive, and can give students teaching experience. Ten out ten students have said that, joining an after school homework club has been the best decision they made in their life.