In my opinion student have no time to sleep because they want to stay up and study, or do their homework, Also parents start calling school why my child failed in class, Although student should decide, actually school should decide because have time to get work done, falling the class, and sleeping in class. Student should have time to go home and do their work, they should have time to study, Also they should have time to do their homework. If student know that they have homework to does he has to do it on time.However, they start failing the classes, they start failing by not turning their work on time, if they do turn in their work on time their grades will drop. They should start paying attention and turn in their work on time. Some student also sleep in class, Being to tired may be the case, if student stay up late and doing their work they can't get up on time for school they will get sleep in class, and they can't do their work on time. Because of not having time to work, failing, and sleeping in class, school should decide. Student don't have enough time to study. Student grades start going down, and then they will fail the class, school should decide what student should do to pass the class doing their work on time, and not sleeping on class. If school want to their student have good grade in class, no sleeping in class and passing the class. School have to make a new law for student, the law is no phone in class and no talking in class, because phone is the only thing that student can't study If they make this law then every student will get a good grade, and they will pass their class. Sleeping on time is parents responsibility, not school Parent have to tell their child to do their homework on time sleep on time and get up from sleep on time, then student can be success and student will have good grades in classes.Most student that sleeping in class is student that they are working after school, and they are working until10 or 11 in a night, and they can't get up early in the morning, so they sleep are sleeping in class, they are not paying attention to their study, and their grades will drop, then they will fail the class.  