People often credit their successes having a good attitude. That's is a good thing you can do. But a lot of people don't, only a handful of people credit their success. You can change that when you have difficult time with life you can have a good attitude. I know It's super hard and out of this word it just make no sense but there's benefits. Wow, there's benefits that's super lit and I can prove because I saw it on youtube or use my smart brain. The number one benefits having a good attitude in difficult time is you have good luck like becoming a word class soccer player only with a bit of luck and good attitude you will make it. With charming good attitudes people will follow you in difficult time because you got good attitudes. If you got a bad attitude people will easily guess that you have a bad day or difficult time, people will stay away from you and that not good at all. Another benefits having a good attitude in difficult time is you will be happy in life you will be so happy that you could be the joker that never have bad attitude in difficult time. Having a good attitude in difficult time is the best it can help not to do bad choices in the outside word. There's one thing I want to share with the people about benefits, good attitudes in difficult time can change your life just think of it how much time have you have difficult times in your life just add good attitude in difficult time you will so successful that you make trump jealous that will be awesome. In my own experience having a good attitude in difficult times fells so uncomfortable but its worth it. In the finals we lost the score was one to zero, but I was in a good attitude in a really difficult time that we lost. My teammates were in a bad attitudes try to cheer them up, and I said ''at least we went through to the semi-finals it was quite hard for us.'' Then my teammate was quite happy because going to the finals is hard. That my experience how good attitude changed my teammates in difficult times. Having a bad attitude in difficult time is harsh trust me when my cousin rage quite in FIFA when he got a bad attitude in difficult time, when it's raining the internet did not work I was chilling in his bed you know, but I hate the rain too, so I was in a bad attitude. So we both was in a bad attitude, so I have witnessed one a bad attitude we are fighting not physical but kind of we were talking smack each other. But we do that when we have a bad attitude but why I said in my head we never have a good attitude in difficult time in current time, but long time it was lit because we have good attitude because we away go to the park and play soccer. We have great time even if it was raining long time ago we have good attitude in difficult time. For me good attitude in difficult time feels like heaven only if you do it right, but bad attitude in difficult time is the devil. This is why good attitude in difficult time will be the best and help you succeed in life.  