Some school district offer programs that allow high school students to graduate in three years instead of the traditional four years. There are three reasons why students may want to take this chance. First reason is that they may need to help there family out. The second reason is that the students don't want to be in school for so long. Third reason is that the students may want to go to college at an early age to get that over with at an early age and get a good financial job. They would be able to get full-time jobs at an early age with a high school diploma.First one reason that it may be good for the students to graduate early because they may need to help out their families. The students parents may work, but they need that extra help for their kid. Because, they are not financially good with money. So graduating a year early may help the students help out there family's. If students need to help there families out, and they finish with school early they don't have to worry about having to go to school they can just work so that they can help there families out. Another reason is that the students want to graduate school early because they don't want to be in school for so long. Students sometimes just want to start making money, so they want to get over with school. They may have a job but the part-time may not get them a lot of money. So if they finish school in three years they can start working at a full-time job early and start making the money that they really want to make. Students would love to finish school in three years because they don't want to keep on going to school. Last reason why students may want to graduate early is because students may want to go to college at an early age to get that over with at an early age and get a good financial job. Students may know what they want to become when they are older and would like to start going to college at an early age, so it would benefit they if they could finish high school in three years. Also, they would have a good financial job at an early age. They can also start living be them self wants they have a good financial job and out of college at an early age. Also, would make good money at an early age. In conclusion, these are three good reason why students would like to finish high school in three years. They can start helping there families at an early age because they may need the help. Also, that students may not want to be in high school for so long. Finishing school at an early age they may start going to college at an early age and also get a good job at an early age. They would be able to get full-time jobs at an early age with a high school diploma.