Lately many people have said students should have a shorter summer vacation about 45% of people have. They think it would be better for students, so they don't forget what they learn the year before when the comeback in the fall. They think students should have year-round schools, but is that a perfect idea? Well here are many reasons why there shouldn't and why it would be a horrible idea. Many people think that students shouldn't have to year-round schools because the students might have a summer job, It's no enough time, they shouldn't have to worry school for that long, and it's just too many things for them to remember. Many students normally middle schoolers and high schoolers have to work during the summer. Many students have to work after school, and it's just too much for them. Some might work because the need to help their families with money, others to buy something they really want or need, and some is so when they get out of high school, and they can have enough money to get into collage. Whatever the reason maybe they need the three-month summer vacation, so they can have more money to do whatever they need with it and have a year-round school will not help them because after work they need to do homework. About 85% of students that work and have gone to go school will have to stay up really late, so they can do their homework. Students often do not get enough sleep. They stay up late night hours doing homework, project or studying. In reality, it's just too much work for students to keep up with school for that long. A three to four weeks for summer vacation is just not enough for students, not even teachers. They deserve a longer summer vacation after all the hard work they have done for those nine months, the least they could get is a three-month vacation. They just need to relax and take care of themselves because they be sometimes stressing out too much. Which that could lead to bad health and many other problems. They need a longer vacation because three to four weeks is not enough. What if they want to travel they can't for long, so they can't really enjoy it. They also need to spend more time with their families, many just don't be as close to them because they are to focus on school. They just a well needed vacation of no more stress for three months. Another reason why a year-round school is not the greatest idea is that it's just too much for students and teachers to remember. Students already need to remember a lot to pass the SOL. Having a year of school will just keep adding to that. It's also a lot of work for students to be doing. A lot of worksheets, tests, quizzes, projects, and for teachers too they need to be planning the next class and need to be grading a lot of papers. Plus another thing to think of is what about summer school? For the students that didn't pass the SOL or the class. When or how will they have the time to pass? There are a lot of things that should be planned out first. On the other hand I get why it would be nice to be in a year-round school. Students wouldn't forget as many things. Normally when students come back in the fall they are clue-less of what the learned three months ago. A year-round school will decrease that. Students would also get to see their friends more. Often many students don't get to see their friends during summer vacation. For the students that need it, they could get extra help. Also, for the students that really like to learn new things this would be a great time too.However, even though all that would be kind of nice. We don't know if the decrease of students forgetting things will actually work because not many students even touch their backpack during any vacation, so they would most likely will forget a lot of things either ways. Nowadays even though students might not see their friends. They still manage to text or FaceTime. Maybe some students might have a car and will be able to go list them or hang out for a bit. If students need extra help they can get a tourer for that extra help that they may need and if we have a year-round school for them, it wouldn't be fair for the other students that do not need that extra help. If they really want to learn new things they can go to classes somewhere for whatever they would like to learn. It's just better having a three-month break. That's why there shouldn't have a year-round school there just wouldn't be much of benefits. It'll most like stay with the same problems or even worse. That's why there should be a year-round school because students might have a job, it's not enough time for them, they shouldn't have to worry about school for that long, and they just would have to remember too many things.