I believe that your character will be what you yourself choose to make it, The divisions you make can play a big role in how you turn out to be. For example the people you hang with, How you grew up and the type of household you were in, And my last example is your motivation because being motivated can help you build good character traits for the future. The type of people you hang with play a big role in your character because you can pick up a lot of good and bad things from different people. They can influence you to do a lot, and you know what they say "you are who you hang with" for example if you hang with people who do nothing but good you are going to want to do nothing but good but if you hang around people who are lazy and sit at home doing nothing with there day you are also going to become lazy and not motivated to do anything. The way you grew up and the type of household you were in also plays a big factor in your character because that's what you are around, That's the energy with you all the time for example if your parents are having problems at home all the time, and you can become depressed and feel down all the time, Since that's the energy that's in the house, Which can make you start struggling in school since you would be down all the time. But on the other side if your household is very good, everyone's happy and the vibe is good it can make you a very happy and positive person since that's all the energy you're getting, nothing but positive vibes, and it can help you with school. Your motivation in my opinion is the most important part of building good character traits because it's so good to be motivated and having a something to work for, If you have that the past does not matter, and you can be the most awesome person that you can possibly be for example if you are really motivated you can become anything you want. Your past and all the things you overcame can motivate you another example is if you and your family is really struggling that is going to want you to push harder, And in that process it would build a lot of good character traits that will be with you forever. In conclusion, you make your character and choose the people you hang out with, The type of house you are living in and the things that lead up to you being motivated and i don't think you can get influenced beyond your control because you can control everything you do for example if you don't like your friends switch things up, If you don't like how things are going at home go live with someone else. Everyone should always know that nobody can or should control you, Everyone makes choices bad or good you are the one who made that choice.  