The world has many rules that needs to be followed, and if someone tries to escape that rules a lot of things can happen whether it's a good thing or bad. Some people believe that to be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is not the greatest accomplishment because not following what the world wants can make a big impact on a persons' life; however, to be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something is the greatest accomplishment because Being able to be someone who the person is not supposed to be can bring success into a persons' life, not letting people influence a person characteristic is a big accomplishment, having to be someone who a person wants to become can show the person full capabilityBeing able to be someone who the person is not supposed to be can bring success into a persons' life. Being different can isolate someone from the society and this can change a persons' life choice. A person who think and act different can have another way of facing problems in life which makes them different from other people. Not letting people influence a person characteristic is a big accomplishment. Being who the persons want to be can give someone originality. The person can act freely and become who it wants to be also they do not have to worry about peer pressure. Having to be someone who a person wants to become can show the person full capability. The person do not have to worry about what others think of what's it can do. Acting as what the persons not suppose to be can give a big advantage in creativity. Some people believe that being someone that you're not can is not the greatest accomplishment because this can make a big impact in someone's life; however, showing who you really are is one of the biggest accomplishment in a persons' life became acting different can lead to success, being different means the persons have full control over their actions, having to be someone who a person wants to become can show the person full capability. To be someone that a persons don't want to become is complete fine because this shows that nobody is limiting the person from being who they really are.