The Success Of Lifetime success of life to fall down is important, because with enthusiasm you can do everything, that you would like for your future, still if you fall down. Life in this world is hard to get up, but be strong person with enthusiasm, your life can be easy and not complicated. To fall down in life, you can have many negatives things in life. Life can be more hard as you think it is. Enthusiasm has many positive opportunities in life. This positive opportunities can make your life more easily, because growing with enthusiasm, your future can have more patient, less stress, and more happiness in your life. To failure without losing enthusiasm can have the success of your future. Bringing success into your life, you can learn lessons, that would help you find opportunities, for you to walk forward. In this statement I agree with Mr, Winston Churchill, because this is an every important role statement, that can help people to bring the positive way for making easy life for people in this world. To fall down in life, you can have many negatives things in life. Life can be more hard as you think. To have better opportunities, you have to bring that energy to be strong person without giving up. If you want to have dreams, with no enthusiasm it would be hard you to get it. An example" I want to have the goal, to have this big dream, going to collage." If you want this dream with negatives thoughts, things without studying, and be lazy to have a job, to safe money for your collage, you can't do anything. Another example" I want to have a car, a house, a dog, and having a trip everywhere in the world." You can have a job, but if you are lazy to work, you can get fired, not getting that much money, that you need for all your things you want to have. To have negatives thoughts, you can't have all your things, that you would like to have for a better future into to your life. To have enthusiasm can bring more easy and positive thoughts, to accomplish your goals. Because with enthusiasm you can have less stress, you can have more energy, and be patient with everything. To have less stress, with positive thoughts you can make easily things, still If you think that it is hard for you. An example" I want to pass my sol's in school." If you want to pass the hardest test in school, to graduated you can study, paying attention to your teacher, do your homework that day is due and having your things on time. You can pass your classes and your sol's, without thinking that much stress in your mind. Another example" I fell my exam of math class." You can fell your exam, but you can't give up, because you can have another solution. Teachers sometimes give, opportunities to their students staying after school or come more prepare next time learning a little more, because it can be more easily to pass it. To failure without losing enthusiasm you can have the success of your future. To have the success into your positive way, you can have less stress, and you can learn the lessons finding better opportunities to move forward. An example" I did not graduate, because I did not pass one class, it was a requirement for graduation." It is ok If you did not pass it, but you can have a choice by finding opportunities in others places. You can repeat school one more year, you can go to other schools that prepare you to pass your exams, and classes, you can go and find information about that class or subject. Another example" I got fired in my favorite job, because i accidentally broke a dedicated plate." You can be sad, but always go and find opportunities in others places, that can hired you, because if you have experience ready, so it would not be hard for you where to hire you. Be careful what you do, only have the positive way and have the energy, that customers can be surprised about you, how hard you work in your job that you really like. To fall down can bring you negatives things. Negatives thoughts can bring you in a bad way, because you want to have that goal that you want to reach, but you can't. This can be a big situation, if you want to reach that goal, but you have to try your best on doing the appositive way. To have an enthusiasm you can work really hard and make it more easily. Working hard be happy can bring you that attitude, that we all want to see. In this world is hard to bring people positively, because life is hard, but they are people that they want to show that, you can't give up always move forward. To failure without losing enthusiasm, you can have the success in to your future. This is a lesson that everyone has to follow and not make it hard. If you are negative, just find a way to make you think a lot, because that stress you out and have a negative thought, never give up just move forward.  