Is always good to try new ideas, I disagree with Emerson's statement. Nobody can tell you if you can do something or if you can't, the unique that can stop you is yourself. Learning new thinks help us to recreate our minds, help us to make new projects in life or work, help us to create new ideas and most of the time we can have fun. Also try to do something more besides you career will help you to have more options of work and more possibility to have a better economic situation. In fact, it will help you to be responsible in all the staff that you do daily, in your home, in your job, in the school, with you friends, etc. It will prepare you for what is coming in the future, and it will help you get mature mentally. However, take two or more careers at the same time can harm you, and make harder you progress in your main career. For example: I got a friend his name is Generic_Name, he's taking film producer career, he needs to take those classes for almost three more years. In addition, he started to do photography career like two months ago. He is is really like both careers, and Generic_Name think that if he takes both careers at the same time it would be easy in the future for get a better work and make more money. But he realizes that it will be really hard to do both careers at the same time, he began to feel the stress and the pressure that he will not do it perfect on both careers. He realizes that it was really complicated and that he was losing his time and his money on something that it wouldn't end perfect. Then my recommendation was to finish first film producer career because it was the career that he really wants to finish first, it was his dream to be a film producer and make some movies, we always talked about this. So I said first you need to finish film producer career and after that, it will be better to take photography career like second choice. Anyway, Generic_Name was really frustrated because he thought that he will do it really well, but his mistake was that he didn't organize his time and his life; that's what happen with most of the people that think that do more than one career is impossible, and is not that, is just that you need to organize yourself and your time. After that Generic_Name understood that do each career at the time it would be better, and he decided to start with film producer first and add Photography career after two more years. In Conclusion, take two different careers or masters are not a problem, you just need to organize your life and check what is the priority for you, it doesn't matter how long you take, in a future you will see all the benefits that you are going to have, how you grow up and how you can be an example for other people that think "Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow up", if you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered it probably being easier, but that doesn't mean that if you do another career you will not be a successful person. Finally, you just need to demonstrate that you afford, and you sacrifice is going to be for something better in your life.