We should always accomplish when doing something to determine due to wonderful things. If we do more things we will accomplish the goals we have in our heads to go on forward. Thomas Jefferson he accomplishes many in his life having to make write the declaration of independent he did not waste time to relax around and chill his buddies. When we start doing something with our life we set goals every year what do you do?, the every next we try to accomplish our goals because when we are trying to check our goals we are always doing something it never stops, and it will never stop because that's we are non-stop workers. Many people can waste there time and not finishing their goals. Each person has something in their hearts to not stop and there motive to keep going on forward and trying to do something there life .over the years you see news things examples new phones and new shoes and TV but who's behind the idea a person and what did they do work hard to make improvement. We are always doing something that's how the world is right now to accomplish new things every year generation to generation always improving. When we do things we do it for a purpose because its wonderful how much we can never stop giving up we always have to be doing something because if people see you not doing something it's a waste of time for you and the person. This is how are world is runs by doing something in your life by going to school learning then going collage and finding a career for yourself and all this is by doing something your life to accomplish your goals and to improve your life to grow more and more gain knowledge and not stop what you want to do. We do accomplish when always doing something. In your life there always people pushing you forward, and sometimes you feel like not doing anything do but do something because if you do it you an accomplish a goal that your parents give you. Example summer break you stay home not doing anything playing video games and eating all the food and not working, and your parents are, and you leave the dishwasher all full and did to clean the house and when your parents come and see you not doing anything of course they might mad. Your parents why don't you leave the videos games and start doing something in the house and start washing the dishwashers and getting a job to make money and this is when you have to start doing looking accomplishing your goals not in the house wasting your time and not do anything. Do we accomplish more if we are always doing something and the answer is yes and don't stop doing something cause every day you're accomplishing it without knowing it?