I raised by my grandparents, and they always told me that curfew is curfew no matter what. To me, old people's advice are really important and efficient. Curfews keep teenagers out of trouble because individuals get home on time, chance to get saved by dangerous situations, and they can do something else at home. Some people think curfew is unfairly interfering their lives. For me, it is not because I have an experience that I should need a curfew. First of, you can go outdoor and hang out with your friends, shopping in the mall, playing sports and doing some assignments from school work. Moreover, you should have to go home on time because some parents are waiting for their child to come back to home safe so, they can sleep in peace. In my experience, it happened long time ago. I went to my friend's birthday party, and we were having fun. I knew that I break the curfew rule, but I did not mind it as it was a big deal. After my friend's birthday party finished and everyone went home including me. My friend's house was not far from my house, so I walked. I started realized that someone was following behind me. Second of, teenagers whom are under 18 years old can be saved by dangerous situations if you follow the curfew rule. In example, what I heard from my friend was that she was outdoor and hanging out with her friends when her mother called her to come home early, but she did not listen. She gets home around 12 o'clock in the night chased by drunk male person. At that time, my friend's phone battery died and does not have any money with her. All she can do was ran and tears were coming out of her eyes that couldn't stop. Third of, curfews might be different for every individual, but it is usually 10 p. m. If you come home at 10 p. m not breaking the curfew rule. You have a lot of time that you can spend in your home including work on school work, watch interesting movies, read fantasy books, or you can do whatever you want to do at home. 4 years ago during winter break, my grandmother and I went to a store to buy a hand cream, and it was dark and freezing outside. We were on the way to home, but one stranger black tall guy put a gun on my grandmother's head, and we gave him the purse and the wallet. We ended up crying and shocking. Finally, all those things happened to me in the past. I learned a lesson which is listening people's advice is really important in your life because a lot of teenagers are out of control in these ages which are 15-18. Taking things serious is not useless it is more powerful and useful in your life. Curfew is one of the warning that can take you straight to your home safely. Do not do anything wrong that can ruin your life. 