Do students need summer break, or they can handle not have summer but with more breaks around the year? Students need summer break because students like summer more than other times in the year because is hot outside, and it doesn't snow all the day also, during break some students can do things that they couldn't do because of the school. For example have a job, just enjoy and relax outside with family and friends or have big families plans that they were expected, students have more odds to do all that in summer because. They can put all their effort in their jobs. Almost all the students that I know have summer job in fact I actually have two summer jobs. For students have a summer job is actually very important, and it means a lot because it can be the first thing that they actually put all their effort, and is not only the fact that they put all their effort it can be the fact that they can be helping their family for example. Their mom is having a bad time at work, the sells went down, is being two weeks since the last buyer went to the store, is not something new at the store that could bring buyer, and is being a bad moth for their mom, their son will try to help her to pay small things like the internet, the water, the light, or he could actually do his best, paying all that and paying the rent of the house, some teenagers not only work in summer for their own good some teenager work for help their family with everything they can, however. Sometimes they need to relax, doing nothing or going out to eat, watch a movie with friends or family, or go to party with your friends and enjoy summer how I said, I have two summer jobs. The first one is in construction and the second one is in a place called Generic_Name. My first week doing all that I feel tired, and I feel that I couldn't do all that anymore, but I realize that my family needed me and I keep doing it, in my first work I actually learn a lot about how to measure things and how to use an electric hammer also my boss is my uncle, so I spend good time with him and I meet some really nice people. The second one is in Generic_Name I had to take care of kids, clean the place and make food, I meet really nice people there that helped me a lot and I realize that I like work with kids. However, some students don't have a summer job and that is fine, some students likely have some family plans or plan with their friends that they want to do for summer like. Go some to another country with you parents, sometimes parents have vacations at the same time that summer start if they change the vacations it will interfere with the time that students spend with their parents. Some students actually don't spend a lot of time with their parents in fact I am one of those. Our parents work to 8 AM to 8 PM and when they come back they are tired and they just want to eat and go to sleep, and we understand why they are like that. In summer, we spend time without parents we go out to eat, we go to the movies, or we go in travel to another country that is the first reason why student prefer the vacations in summer than in another time of the year the second reason can be. Because of the sun, we all have to accept that we get tired of the cold, rain, snow and frozen rain we all get tired, and we want the sun also with the sun your garden won't die or it won't look ugly. Sometimes when we have summer sometimes another school from another country or another state have summer that means they could come here, or we could go there and spend time with them. I actually have some friends from Venezuela and every time they have summer they come here to spend summer with me, however.Yeah, sometimes it can be hard to retain information, but students need rest for while, spend time with their families and friends, and if they want it, or they need it get a job and do their best. Can they change vacations for another day or just have more different vacations but not that long? No summer is not only the time when students rest, also is the time when they spend time with their parents or friends, it can be the time for some students to work and help their family.