We choose our own character traits through the choices we make, It can be shown through the actions or the way we communicate to others, this can either teach us a lesson or tell us the truth. The lesson that we are trying to learn can either change our character. Either way the character that chooses their own traits will start facing some difficulties in the beginning and start searching. The reason why we face difficulties is when we can either know if we need to change our traits to a better one. The lesson that we are trying to learn and Discover can either change our character because the changes that you get will determine the handwork that you did to get where you are right now, the challenges that you face when you immediately face will get even more challenging from the start it will put you in a position that you aren't even ready for. We can make the choices that we want or know what might be good for us in the future that may not affect our characteristics. The character that chooses their own traits will start facing some difficulties in the beginning like getting more in trouble or karma will come to them without knowing. It may also cause trouble and argument between your family or friends because the choices that you make can either push them away from you, and you will start losing confidence in yourself. The reason why we choose our own traits it's to refresh everything and start all over again with new beginnings and no negativity it will put you in a position where you will be happy and no regrets. The reason why we face difficulties is when we can either know if we need to change our traits to a better one because it will determine the effort and struggle that we put in to get to our goal, It can either not be changed that fast because there are some puzzles missing in the book that we need to find to get there without no hesitations or problems. The signs of knowing that we need to change our characteristics is when everything is starting to fall a part that's when things start to get difficult. When our character is formed by influences beyond our control can either bring us down to the point where you can't get up to fix them, It can't be fixed in a matter of seconds only patience, time and handwork can change that. The environment that we live in may be the cause of the influences that you get that it can be difficult to face them, you can either do what's right for you and the important of the changes that make. You can also ask for help when you are having difficulties when facing this controls into your life, People may not take this into a discussion because they are blinded with the lies that they are facing in there life and not actually figuring out or speaking out. Many people have chosen the path of which you can choose your own character because it is easier to know the mistakes that you made in the beginning and that might give a second chance to fix it. The signs that you may need to do might be in front of you it's like a missing puzzle that you need to find it to mend everything and start over to becoming a better you in any way with no regrets and the pasts are gone. The results that you may get when actually changing your character will determine your personality and communication toward people around you.  