Classes Online At Homed you think students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home? Some people think it is good idea to take classes online. They say they have more time to do they homework. Some people think that take classes online is easier than going to school. But I think that is more difficult because nobody explains to you the thing. If people take classes online they will be not learning anything. In my opinion it's not good idea because people need help from teachers, some people like to come to school, and they like to distract at school. Some people like to do they work by they self, but others people need help from teachers. For example my sister always stay after school for help from teachers. She said that they help her with the things she does not know about her classes. She said that she learn too much about her teachers, and she is like to come to school because the teachers explain the work. For example when she fails a test she stays after school with the teacher, they review about the test, and she learns more. The teachers find the way to help students after school. The teachers have others things to do, but they don't care because they want the students to pass their classes. Some students like to come to school because they make friends and have fun. For example my brother Generic_Name like to play sports at school. He said that play at school it's fun because he talks with other people. School it's important because we have to know about other people and learn more about what is happen at school. People have the opportunity to come to school every day and learn. However, In my opinion is important to come to school because when you graduate you going to be happy with your diploma. Others might say that classes online is good because they like to work lonely. The school distract people from their houses. Some people need distract and also need socialism with friends. At school is the place that people like and feel safe. For example my friend say that she get distract in school she plays a sport, or do an activity with others friends. Also, the best way to get distract is to speak with adults people that know more about life. Besides distract is doing your homework and listen to music. In conclusion, the teachers help students, and they explain the things that the students do not know and online they have to do by they self. Come to school is the best way to learn what you want with your life and want you want to become in your future. School has many distract like games, books that you can read and take home. I think students should come to school and not take classes online. The teachers are the best because they help too much the students. Also, they are good persons because explain when you don't know anything. School is important in life because you need a good education and go to college to have a good work in your future.  