Ralph Waldo Emerson who wrote, "To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment" I agree because if you do everything by yourself better things happens. Like how he said be yourself can make you better by trying new things, so many reasons to be your own.First, to be yourself can make you great life or better can open new opportunities, by saying this a rifer to get ideology with a great future. An example, making yourself with rules or putting time for something you want to do can be a awesome way to start, someone told me if you fight for dreams, and you really want to do it, you will get it by doing yourself. Then you can be proud of yourself by doing something the never imaginary to do it. Second of all, when you get staff done by your own can be a great example for so many kids in this world. Believe or not be an example for someone is the most accomplishment because they want to do or be like you. Also, by trying everyday something new can make you better. How this quote says" Hard work beat talents when talents don't work hard". Something useful is everyone learn new things by mistakes. Make mistakes is not a big problem, making a mistake means the are trying to do it better and be better by learning how do it. Third of all, the last but not least friendships have a lot with this, one question very important in here is How can I be sure the friends are real?. Yes, probably that can be a problem that's why be yourself is the greatest accomplishment because friends can take you down with drugs, alcohol and bad things. That doesn't mean the can not have friends. That means you have to choose really well your friends because hypocrisy exist maybe they want you down without future and great life. Hypocrisy is the most danger thing in the world by hypocrisy you can make people think about how they want to be or what they want to do. In conclusion, doing yourself can make you better and open opportunities the never imaginary. Try to do something the love or like that's a good way to start to be yourself. Choosing what's good for you or what not and always remember fight for your dreams. 