Think about the benefits of working with a group or working alone and what do you feel is more beneficial? I think that working with a group is more beneficial because you can get things done quicker, share creative ideas, and it shows teamwork. It also saves uptime when working in a group and when having deadlines. First, working with a group gets things done quicker, and you don't have to worry about many things when working with a group. When you have a group, they could be doing something else while you do another thing at the same time. However, having to do all that stuff by yourself slows you down and might not have time to finish. Your group and you are all doing something and that makes everything go quicker because you're not doing it all by yourself. If you work alone you could be stressed and have to think of all the ideas. Working in a group can really bring more ideas to the stuff you and your group are working on. Also, you can divide the work with your group members and make things faster. Second, sharing the ideas with your group can be helpful. It can also be very fun working with other people and having different opinions around. Someone in your group can be the most creative person and really help out on what you are working on. If you don't share your ideas then what's the point of being in the group. Everyone needs to have something to say and something to work on. If you work alone you will miss the opportunity to have someone helping you and have an opinion on it because when you present it, other people might something to say about it. Working alone can be frustrating and exhausting for some people because when they don't know something on one will be there to help them. Also, having to work alone might make you to multitask a lot and difficult for you to finish on what you are doing. Last, shows teamwork and that teamwork makes everything better than having to work alone. When you show teamwork with your group it shows that all of you can be leaders in that group. Working in a group can be really fun because you be partnered up and meet new people or be with the same people you know and make the work effort exciting. When being in a group, you can your part while everyone else does theirs, and it makes everything go quicker. In conclusion, I would prefer working with a group than working alone because working with a group make things much easier and less work too. I wouldn't want to work alone because I wouldn't have anyone to discuss and share my opinions with. Having to do all that work by yourself can be very difficult in the process; things may not come out the way it should. Also, when you work alone you might not have many ideas to think of and with a group you can. Working by yourself may not be as much fun as in a group. If you had a group you would be able to divide the work, but working on something by yourself probably make it two times harder. That's why I think that working in a group is more beneficial than working all alone.