Yes you should learn wisdom and experience to understand. To learn people what their life about. People could have a hard time about their life. Understand their race. Know people reign and culture. People could be special. The people will learn about deaf people. People can understand about the life kinda. People can be special like their brain and their body. Sometimes people have bad things in their brain. You can understand about them. Some kids use different lagged. Some people don't know enmesh. People can use their hands to talk. People can be shy, chill, crazy or mean. You really need to know about feeling. Sometimes people don't know what's going on. My big brother name Generic_Name share a lot about his wisdom. He told me that he is getting stronger. I told him how and how do you know. He told me that there has a job that you really need to carry having stuff. That he knows that. I learn everything what he said. My brother was kinda crazy when he said that. Sometimes my big brother is not chill. 5 mouths ago my big brother was so mean to me for no reason. I told him why what wrong with you. He told me why and I understand him. Today my BIF brother is now chill I think because I don't really see him that much. My big brother is always busy, and I wanted to help him. How do I help him. I clean the room many times. I do the socks and clean the dirty clothes and get the room ready for him, so he can relax. My family is really happy what I did for my big bother. They say why did you do that. I told them because Generic_Name worked really hard he is never home. He plays soccer, goes to work and goes to class to get ready for collage that is a big thing for him. My big brother tells me some things to keep me healthy and lose some weight. He said that happened to me. He shares a lot of things to me. He said you got this I believe in you. I thought my big brother don't care about me because he is always mean to me and I see why, he does care about me and I can see that. You will understand about their wisdom and experience. If you learn about wisdom and experience. 