Should students be required to take a music class, a drama, or an art class. Some will agree and some won't. Every student has differs talents, or are interested in different activities and subjects. Why can't students have the advantage of closing class that fit to there preference. Students should be able to take a class that is interesting to them that doesn't have to do with music, drama, or art. Some students would like to take class for the opportunity of graduate airily. Others would like to take classes that are based on future careers that are intriguing to them. Having to take a class that is based on art or drama and not being good or interested in it must be a little frustrating to a student. Students most likely will lose focus or wonder off in class if not interested. Sometimes might even ovoid the class. As a student myself i admit that losing focus in class when not being interested came very easy to me. Not only does it cause the student frustration, but it also causes the teacher frustration to see a student not pertesapating in class. School is a paid of pie for some students and having to take classes that are an easy A seems to be a was of time for some students that would like to get high school over with and jump right into college. Some high school provide students free college credit classes that benefits finally wise and skill wise. Having more than enough credits helps the student one graduate early and two have credits even before starting college. Taking advance classes or college credit classes looks perfect on college restates. What if the students would have the advantage of having a glance of the career that they are interested during high school. Not ever students know the career or path that they would like to take during high school, but some students do know. Also, why not giving those students that are confused or lost about what career they would like to maker in college an opportunity to experiment classes during high school. For example in my high school there is a program called career center where high schoolers are able to take classes that are based on interest that they have some examples; cooking classes, animal science, TEC, child care and etc. Imaging if every student had the opportunity to experiment careers early. Every student has different skills and interest. Why can't the school system benefit every student and give the opportunity to make a students destruction a lot more easier when it comes to what interest the student and choosing what colleges to attend to. Not every student is the same why treat them the same way. 