Ever since I was in elementary school I have had an interest in your company. Technology was not as big as it is today, but for some reason I have always shown interest in the products that your company has made. When you created the Windows PC it revolutionized the world of technology, and ever since then I have been taking technology classes, programming classes, and even engineering classes so that one day I can create something of my own or even be a part of something surrounding your companies work. It would mean a lot if you gave me the chance to come visit your company and learn about the things your company does such as, what type of work your employees do throughout the week, the environment among and which your employees work in, and how you maintain your servers for your computers across the world I would also like to learn a little more of your journey as an entrepreneur in your early days, the sacrifices you had to make and the chances you took to get where you are today. I am the perfect candidate to be picked as an intern for your company because I have dedicated my life to technology and even followed your footsteps. I know everything there is to know about computer science, programming, and engineering. Out of all the companies that deal with computers, yours is by far the best. I have researched everything about your company going back to the roots when you were in the garage building your computer and programming them to now being one of the richest men in the world having your employees build them for you. I aspire to become a great man like you and this is the perfect opportunity to show you and everyone else what I am capable of. Furthermore, I believe that if you choose me as your intern you will gain an even greater advantage in the world of business and technology, I have a certain set of skills that allow me to learn things quick about human behavior and gain the advantage over competing companies I have studied the nature of consumers and I know exactly what they like to see and hear, having me learn a thing or two from you will give not only me a learning experience but you as well. Giving me the chance to see your company work in person is one of my life goals, and it would be an honor to learn how you managed to become not only one of the richest men in the world but also learn what made you decide to take on a challenge such as technology giving that it was one of the hardest things to adapt to in your time. You managed on your own to create something as big as your company with just an idea and some programs. Learning something from you is a once in a lifetime thing that probably never happens to most up-and-coming entrepreneurs like me. Giving me this chance not only helps me, but it helps my family and my community. We live in a small town with not much technology and my dream is to change that I want the people in my town to experience the wonders of technology I want to show them that I learned everything I know from the man who started it all, the man who revolutionized the world. In conclusion, giving me the chance to see the work you have created will spark something new in this world of technology. I have followed your footsteps, I have dedicated my life to technology and engineering. However, with this opportunity I will create something of my own for my hometown so that all my family members and towns people can experience the joys of technology.  