This is why employers should hire me. Employers should hire me because I can show hard work, perfect hospitality, and good communication skills. These make a good employee. First reason why employers should hire me is because I show hard work. Hard work is essential because the harder you work, the more you get done, and that's really helpful. For example, if you're playing soccer, and you are trying to score a goal, you can't just score it magically while just standing there doing nothing. You have to work hard to score the goal by running, passing, and communicating with your team. All of that relates to hard work. Second reason why employers should hire me is because I show really great hospitality. This is really important because the more comfortable you can make the customer, the more they will enjoy the place and like it. For example if you're working at a hotel and a customer walks in, and right away you are not nice to them. They will start hating the place, and they won't come back again. On the other hand if you're nice to them and make sure they're enjoying their time. They will love the hotel and will always want to come back in the future. Last reason why employers should hire me is because I show perfect communication skills. This is yet another really important characteristic to have as an employee. The reason being is that if you can't communicate well with a customer, they will have a real time figuring out what they need to do. For example, if you are working at a shop and a customer walks in and asks you for a specific thing. Then you start to get nervous because you don't know what to say or how to act, then they will have a hard time trying to find that specific thing because you didn't know how to communicate. These are the reasons of why employers should hire me. Employers should think of hiring me because I can show hard work, great hospitality, and good communication. And having these three characteristics makes an awesome employee. That's why employers should hire me.