Should student commit their career at a young age ? In this statement I will argue if student should commit to choose their career at a young age. In my opinion, I think student should think about their career at a young age. First reason why they should think about their career is because they could know some step of how to get into their career. They would know some steps on what to study or in other words know what classes are the right one to take. An example is that when I was in high school I didn't know what to study for. My teachers couldn't find the right classes for me to take. Most student get into high school without knowing what they would want to study for. Another example was that when I got into high school they ask me for my career I told them what I wanted to be. Once I got into 10 grade I change my mind and decided to change my career. When I try to get into my step for my second career it was already too late to apply which made me now find my own way to get into the career I wanted to be in. Most student get into high school without knowing what they want to study for. Another reason is that when they don't know what to study for as their career, They don't find a way after in how to get into collage. It is always a good first step as a high scholar to know what they want to be. Last example is that I didn't think about my career when I was in middle school and now in my high school year I didn't get into any of my career I wanted to study for. When you know what you want your career to be teachers help you get the right classes. Teachers also help you get into the collage you want to study for your career. Some people think knowing what they want to study for before going to high school is just a rush thing for them. People be saying it's too early to know or think about your career. In my conclusion, Most student should know at their young age what they want to be. My advice to all the young student making their way to high school they should start thinking what they want to be. When they get into high school they will know what to do, how to apply, and they would know what classes are just right for them to take for their career.