I think that people who graduate a year early to go into the workforce, or start college early isn't a good idea or decision. People end up missing out on a lot of High school experiences. High school should be about making memories and making the best out of the four years they have left. Having time to be focusing on deciding what kind of career they want to have in the future. High school gets people ready for deciding about what they want to be when they grow up. People who finish High school early might not be 100% sure on what they want to do or what they want to be. Also, having to take summer courses and classes takes away from having a summer and enjoying it. Spending time with family and friends, traveling. Although people have the ability to finish early you'd end up missing summer and always working on classes, doing projects, doing homework, or extra credit assignments, etc. Even though most people who finish early have a lot of pressure on them to try and get the most work done, so they can finish early. It could get stressful because they're studying for exams and trying to stay on top of their grades and assignments. I think it's better to have the full 4 years of high school because you would have more time to do things like sports, clubs, etc. Being a part of a team. Going to games and competitions. Going to powder puff home, football games, etc. Also, if you're a part of a club like Photography, choir,film, or any club they would be able to make a lot more memories and have time. Especially During their last year of high school. Missing out on senior events, senior class trips, having fun being a senior. Having Senior privileges, early release, late arrival, Eating at lunch in the senior patio. Having senior class trips, Graduating. Finishing all your assignments and getting out of school a month early. Getting senior class rings, having memories of getting ready the day or night of graduation. During your senior year since you're almost done with High school you get to have fewer classes because you have all your credits. In conclusion I think it's best if people don't graduate early because they'd miss out on the full 4 years high school experience. Being able to make memories with friends, meeting new people throughout the 4 years. Participating in school clubs and sports teams. Making the most out of high school events like homecoming, and prom. I believe it's better and easier to graduate after the four years. 