Why is having a good behavior when trying to influence or per swaying others? Let's see humans have a brain with that they have emotions, habits, and other cool stuff in the brain. You see people have to talk with one and each other if they don't they will slow go insane. Some people may say "why bring up the brain" you see the brain is what controls your thoughts or emotions of someone or something.Let's see If someone was feeling down after a person's family pass way, you will try to influence him to move on, but to do that you have to talk to him with a calming voice so he will feel more relaxed and calm. Why did his mood change? Because the person that helped the other person knew by speaking calmly to his friend that he would always have him by his side. If you talk to him with a mean tone, he will get aggressive with you, he would start attacking for not caring about his lose. Because you chose a behavior that didn't fit with the situation, you just made him more mad, and now he wouldn't trust you with anything. When at war and you feel like the enemy side is going to run over you, the commander of the army will say a speech to light up the mood of his soldiers by telling them "this wouldn't be the end but a new beginning of the war, if we die, we die for our country and for our families." The commander influence the soldiers that the war is not over, yet it's just the beginning and if they die, they die for a reason to protect the innocents back home. Why did the commander bring up their families? As a person would you want to see your wife, sons, or daughters suffer from people who's wants to hurt them. It gives the soldiers a boost and a reason to fight to protect the people they love. The commander influence them to fight to protect their loved ones. World War 2, Germany has lost everything money, land, and people. So a dictator name Adolf told to himself that the Americans and the Jews were the problem. Adolf when to a social club and told the people in that club that he was mad at the Americans for taking everything from them and that they should fight to get their land back. The people in the club agreed with Adolf that they should fight. So you see now how Adolf influences the people in Germany by his anger at America. He had a group of German people to fight against his side and over through the president of Germany. The best way to influence someone is by that person's behaviors towards them. If you have some disagreements a law, you will try to influence people to agree with you that this law doesn't seem fair. Influence people at your job for better working conditions or more time in your breaks, and what would be your behavior angry because you feel like you are not being treated fairly like the higher ups. The person's behavior will define the influence you make on them, it could goad or bad it just depends on what behavior you choose. Every single person in this world has an opinion and view points on this world and when they feel like something is fair or not fair, they would share their opinions with other people, and they would choose their tone to per sway other to follow them. To influence others you have to have the same behavior as the people you are trying to influence, or it wouldn't work as well if you have the same behavior.  