What I think about extending two more hours in school would be a bad idea because school can be very stressful and give you so much work that can cause people headaches and won't even have time to do their homework at home, and they would get exhausted and sleepy that looks like their brain will explode with so much work they do, and they would have health problems to a person would not resist too much of their body either. My opinion about it is that they should keep the five-day school week instead of four because I think it's really unnecessary to add more hours to school and take one more day of off. I think if that happens they will take the time from other students time with what they are doing outside of school and activities. The idea would be very pointless and useless. I think five days of school is better than four because five days they have seven hours of school, and it's shorter. For me, I would get really stressed with more hours of school be more hours means more work to do, and I would get exhausted of doing so much work and I would get really exhausted. People would have many things in their head and worry too much about it that would cause so many stresses and a headache, and it would not be good for them. I think there is some other way to conserve energy and resources than adding hours to school and work. For example, they should take care of the earth by recycling and cleaning the water and save up energy. I think it is the best idea to conserve energy and resources because it is really important to take care of the earth and learn how to take care of the earth. Many people these days are careless and would prefer to do it in another way like adding more hours to school which is not helpful and that won't do anything of helping energy and resources, so we have to do another way to conserve it. What I think people should use their brains and do what's best for the whole world and every around us and be helpful. Like for example restore energy would be a good idea or volunteer would be another thing to help the planet, there are so many ways you can do it and how you can do it, so it would be really helpful if Everyone would join doing it. Many people would be disappointed for adding hours because they are subtracting their time and very important things they have to do. A lot of people that over work themselves means their they would get exhausted and lazy and the community would be very disappointing and out of control. Another problem would be that if they overwork and get tired and them while driving and could get into to a car accident and that's another why there are so many accidents happening lately and that is awful, so it is a bad idea. Know one would agree to work more hours and that would cause them to have health problems and their body does not take too much exhaustion in them and that is really dangerous and would risk their lives's for it, I would not over work myself if I were them that is too much to Handel and would get me sick to that my body would not take it either so no it would be a awful idea.