Is influencing others other even a good? I believe that there are better ways to influence other than just by your own. One other better way is to look at other people and see how they have seceded in life. Another way is to see one's appearance and how they act. Others think differently and believe that your own behavior the best to influence others. My first reason why I believe there are better ways to influence other is one will look at other and want to be like them. This will want him or she to start and think on what they want for themselves. Maybe they do not know what they want to be yet when they grow up. So by seeing others and how they have seceded they are going to want to try new things. Looking at others by can also help the influence them by what not to do and learn form others mistakes. This could help them start on the right way. That's why feel like looking at others can influence others. My second reason is one's appearance cause when someone sees someone they judge off your appearance and how you act. The way someone else looks will want them to be like you if you are dressed with a suit and tie. That is because a person that is dressed sharp or elegant makes you look principal Also seeing others the way they act can influence others to want to act like them. They might see how other act towards them and them probably want others to act the same with him or herself. Others think differently and feel that your own behavior is the best way to influence one another. Some people might believe this because one person could impact one person so much that it will want that other person to do the same. I feel like that not the best way cause It's hard for just one person to do so much. I feel like one person can not do as much as many other people can. Therefore, this is why I feel like there are better ways to influence others than your own. Like notice others and see how good they are doing in live and might get inspired. Another is a way one looks to someone or they way they are as a person. Others might think the opposite and say that ones owns actions it the most impact full way on other people. This is why believe that one person actions is not the best way to influence others.