Generic_Name had a job interview last week, that same day in the morning her phone fell off her bed, and it got completely broken. Generic_Name had no way to communicate with the employer; However, when Generic_Name got to the place where she was going to be interviewed, she explained what happened, and it was the reason why she was late to her job interview, and she was sorry for it, because her phone was really expensive Generic_Name had a bad attitude with the employer even though it was not the fault of the employer. Because of the bad attitude of Generic_Name, she had the result of not obtaining the job Generic_Name always dreamed of. Since that day Generic_Name controls her attitude and learned that a positive attitude is the key to success in life even if we are having hard times. If an individual thinks that a positive attitude is not the way to be successful relax because there are a lot of ways to show him or her that a positive attitude is the success in life. A positive attitude is the key to success in life because of better opportunities and a non-stressed life. To begin with, a positive attitude is the key to success in life because of better opportunities. Society might have no problems at school or at any place they go if they have a good attitude and know how to control themselves. For example, my cousin Generic_Name since she was little was a perfect student, and always had great comments from her teachers because of her attitude and effort at school. Last year when Generic_Name graduated from Generic_School, a lot of important people offered her to work with them because they have seen the way Generic_Name was a great student, even though when she was on her bad days she always had a good attitude. Some people might say that a positive attitude is not the key to success in life because it can lead people to have some opportunities of good works and also to have friends, but they are wrong because having a good attitude all the time will help people to have greater opportunities at work as well at school. Also, that people could never have any complain about having a bad attitude because they know how to control themselves. To continue, a positive attitude is the key to success in life because of a non-stressed life. Having a positive attitude can lead people to have a better future in their lives. Also, my neighbor Generic_Name used to live in California where he had no friends because Generic_Name was really shy. Since Generic_Name moved to Virginia with his Mom Generic_Name and his brother Generic_Name, he has met a lot of people at school and also in his neighborhood, which now they are friends. Generic_Name used to be really quiet because he was scared of what people might think about him, but lately he has made a bunch of new friends and have a happy and non-stressed life he no longer thinks about what people is going to judge him;Nevertheless, Generic_Name have learned that a good attitude of the key to success in life. Generic_Name is happy because his son has a great attitude, and he is doing better at school now. To conclude, because of better opportunities and a non-stressed life, a positive attitude is the key to success in life. A positive attitude help teachers, students,employers, employees as many others. A good attitude is the result of a great education and by that attitude you can reach good thing in life, some things you never thought you could have. Next time, when an individual who is always alone it is because that person is just shy but might have a great attitude, go and talk to him, and you will know how awesome that person is.