Let's be honest technology is the best way to convert our things easier or speak with families who are really far away;technology can do things that you never could do in one or two hours, I'm going to tell my experience with the technology, When I became to the United States, because I'm from Generic_City and my first thing to come to my head was. What happen if you go to school in then, I don't know. How to use a computer, because in Generic_City, we have nothing of technology in our school, so was my first day in one American school, I was so scary, the teacher give us a computer for work in a homework and then was so confuse, I ask one student who was close to me, I say can you help the with computer. How to sign in? And he says yes I can help you with that, two days later I learn how to sign in, but that was not the complicated thing, the complicated thing was search things in Google, next day the teacher give us another homework to do the class, the was so hard for me, it was found seven president with his correctly description, I take a decision go to library and take the hard way to do my homework, the teacher give of one day to do this, I star to find this read and read each book contain at least one full page for find the information then I was looking for, I give my homework to the teacher, but I see someone's homework he tells me he did his homework with computer and I say wow, also the teacher was telling everybody the best way to do the was in Google this wed side have all the information that you need, I was so frustrated, I say in my head here in the United States find the easy's way by learning how to use the technology, now my goal was learned how to use this technology. I ask the teacher to teach me a to how to use the technology, he tells stay after school and going to teach you OK. That was my first class learning the basics things about a computer. About three weeks I learn the basic things. That's the star of a new future for me. I am so wonderful for the people's that help at the moment now I can easily do my homework with the help of the technology.