Can more hours in school help conserve energy?. The way we can save energy is by going to school for 4 days, and being in school for 2 extra hours. I think it's a bad idea for the school to adopt the idea. This idea can make it harder for students that have things after school. The disadvantages of adding two extra hours to school can cause a lot of problems for the student, and the teachers. Especially for students that have jobs and, have activity after school like sports and clubs. Also, the student will be tired after school, and they will have less time hang out with friends after school. The teachers can also have problems because they can possibly live in a different county, and they might need to leave earlier to pick up their kids from school. Either way I think it's a bad idea because it could ruin everyone daily routines. The advantage to be in school longer is that you would be able to finish work on time. Have more time on test and quiz. Will be able to learn more things in class and get more time in a class. Therefor, teacher would rarely give out homework. Students would be able to take more class, and even be able to graduate faster because we are in school longer. Also, we will have four days a week in school, so that's means we have three day off, so we can get some rest. We might be able to get out of school faster became the amount of time we are in school. Well I still think it's still a bad idea for school to start later because a lot of problems for students, and the teachers. I think the students won't like the idea because some students have work after school, or they have to pick up their siblings from school. Or even have sports after school. Some teachers possibly live thirty-minutes away, and they might need to get their kids, and they might need to go to the store and get food for dinner. So that's why I think it's a bad idea to adopt the idea that the business is having because it's different between students and grown-ups. Our job right is basically schooled because are there for seven hours a week. So I hope the school doesn't con stir this idea for school.