I would like to start of this topic with an important question that no human being really thinks about, "How is technology impacting our health?" That is one of the most important questions that we can't leave unanswered. The use of technology has rooted in our lives, from the moment we wake up till the moment we go to bed we have hundreds of interaction with various devices, software programs, and tools. Technology allows people to complete many tasks without having any contact with others. People can check out books, shop, and play games without speaking to any other person. The limitation of human contact due to the use of technology had negative effects on people's lives. While one might think that the limitation of human contact due to the use of technology had positive effects on people's lives, others might think that the lack of human contact due to the use of technology had negative effects on people's lives which most people agree with. When comparing two human beings, one human being that always uses technology to do everything, shop, check out books, play games, do homework, and even talk to friends or family members, that person is most likely going to get sick, be in a lot of pain, or even feel depressed sooner than the person that prefers not to use technology at all but instead of using technology they would rather go out to the store to buy a book, go out to the store to shop new clothes, and even instead of calling on the phone to check on a family member they would rather go out and see them in real life. The reason the person that uses technology more is more likely to get sick or be in pain sooner than the other one is because not only computers and devices encourage more sedentary behavior among users, but they also frequently lead to poor posture, neck stain, back issues, and hearing loss. This sort of behavior can lead to chronic pain and discomfort that is hard and not really easy to treat. Now that we have explained and understood this topic a little better let's go back to the question that we asked at the beginning, in case some of you guys forgot the question, the question was"How is technology impacting our health?" If people really took the time to think about this question that we usually always leave unanswered we would have known that technology isn't impacting our health in any positive way, technology actually makes us stressed, makes our eye vision bad, gives us back pain, hearing loss, and a lot of other negative outcomes. Another reason why people might feel depressed when they use technology a lot, is because they don't really interact with people and don't have any friends since all they do is stay at home and do everything on their device. It's scientifically proved that every human being need at least one or more friends to talk to every time they feel down and don't feel perfect about something. That is the reason why most of the people that use technology a lot, sometimes feel depressed and don't really like to interact with other people around them. In conclusion, technology allows people to complete many tasks without having contact with others and the limitation of human contact due to the use of technology had a negative effect on people's life and if people don't learn how to control and manage their time and not use technology every chance they get, our next generation will be exactly the same as this one right now. The sad thing about the limitation of human contact due the use of technology is that there is no turning back at this point we are in a society where technological innovation and progression is the norm; It would take a minor miracle to reverse all this disaster. In order for all of this mess to get better, people need to start learning about how to balance their time even if they're using technology, otherwise it is only going to get worse and many people will start feeling pain in their back, getting sick, feeling depressed due to the lack of interacting with people and due to the use of technology.  