Your character will be what you yourself choose to make. Do we choose our own character traits, or is our formed by influences beyond our control? Examples:1. Some people are influenced by friends2. Everyone has their own life traits3. Not everyone has bad traits believe everyone in this world has their own choice of traits but, there are some other people who are influenced by others which include, Friends, family, even people who don't know you well and doesn't want to see you succeed and can hold you back your traits. But therefor there's people who follow their own good traits witch will lead you to a better and a successful life. Last but not least not everyone has bad traits some people will have a good influence on you witch could be good deed and take you the right way it all depends on you how you well your mind process to find out if its bad or good for your life.1. I believe everyone in this world had their own trait of living some have good deed but some negative for example, bad traits can come from friends, family, even people not close to you, I believe that because not everyone is raised with a happy living family which lead them to a bad trait of how they grew up but, on the other hand some are raised with a happy family which gave that person a good deed of living with good traits, but again that could be ruin for you if you're spending time with someone with bad traits.2. Therefore, everyone in the world has their own trait for Example people with success in life having big beautiful house and expansive cars had good traits which have leaded them to a better life for the next generation but on the other hand bad traits will lead you to nothing but a bad life and negative traits and if you become friends with them, and you had good trait you are being influenced and controlled by someone else, Some other traits can come from your relationships like if you have a girlfriend that's the worst influence that could change everything in your life and some can break you apart mentally, but some can take you the right way examples of a bad relationship arguments, blaming yourself, hurting each other with actions. That could leave you with a scar you can't heal from and can bring bad traits for your future.3. Last but not least not everyone is controlled and influenced by others because for example smart people, people will try to put you on negative deeds if you have a successful life they will hate and will try anything to take you off your path don't let any bad influence get to them and understand the fact they are trying to ruin your life, you have to step up for yourself and stay away from the bad influence that could control you and lead you a negative path my advice for the people who feel like they are being influenced and are controlled what you choose your character to be that's how you're going to be and how you're going to live so think to yourself and say what your traits are a negative or a positive.