Have you experienced taking online classes from home?students who plan to take online classes from home they would have to learn to be more responsible and dedicated. Could students benefit by taking online classes from home, Yes I think it would be fantastic idea taking classes from home, it would be a great way to learn without having to leave your house or worrying you won't get to school on time. Home school can get you more prepare by learning and working on time management, by working on time management prepares you for future jobs. For example, I have friend that does homeschooling she tried going to a regular school but didn't feel comfortable her parents decided to try homeschooling, she ended up loving it, she had more time do other activities, it's a great idea because you could prevent bullying from happening. Imagen not having to leaving you're home, students would have more energy because they wouldn't be as exhausted. Certain students have walk miles not matter the bad weather. If students take online classes they could get more sleep and finish there work faster. Students would be able to concentrate. In school, you get distracted a lot because you have friends next to you trying to talk or make cars also interrupting the class. Not having energy for school is a big factor specially for student who work and walk to school in the mornings. If student don't have the every to go to school learn they would not be able to get good grades. A clear example is myself having to wake up every morning at seven am and walking thirty min to school and also working every day is exhausting not matter the weather. Its really hard trying to stay awake in the mornings after walking a certain distance. That's why I would prefer online studying as well it would change my life completely and I would feel more ready to do work.in conclusion online classes is a great way to study if you don't feel comfortable going to school. I would take online class It's less tiring it's a great rest having the time to do my work from home and experience a new way to study.