Students should be allowed to do that because they want to learn so much from the professions. They want to learn because this could be their future if they want to. Schools should often do it and will affect these students careers. Kids have these types of dreams that they want to do and learn to get into. They often have the right to ask anybody why these things will help students have a good career and a college degree. The main reason is that this can help kids so much and tell their parents what they learn. The reason why schools should allow doing this so that kids can go to college and when they are done they can do the job forever, and they get the emotion inside them. Learning so much is the only thing that should help students in school to get all the information inside their head so that can get them where they want to be. Some don't really have a good thing what they want to do when they are trying to think what they want to do in their life, but it can be a hard choice to decide. Things can really get so good when ever we decide what we tell our parents what we want to do for our lives and other people's too. What we think is that when we go out in the world and see what we think about or something that shocks you when you get so surprised about it, and you get it in you head and that's what you want to do. The job that kids want to do when ever they grow up is the only thing they want to do or something else that's better than the other one. Things can often have many reasons why kids should get jobs and buy their own things, so parents don't have waste any more of their money on them. It's a good thing that parents should make kids work for a job to get money and save up to go to college and have a good time. The thing is that schools have the right idea to teach kids what they should and what they should learn about. This is why it's the right idea to make schools teach students other things that they should. For kids that want to play sports should really work hard on keeping track on what they should do at school of homework, projects and much other stuff. It's a good thing that kids should keep track on what they to do in order to pass the grade and graduate.