Dear Principal; Changing the cafeteria lunch for a healthier lunch is a good idea. There is going to be new food, healthier food, and different types of food that others students never taste before. As a student I really like this idea because there is going to be a healthy food for all of us. New lunch menu, having a new lunch is going to make many students happy because there are students that are getting tired of having the same lunch almost every day, but it also can effect others students because there are many students that enjoy eating the same lunch, and they never get tired, In thus case is better is you as a principal talk to the cafeteria manager and ask her for a list of with food is the students favorite and at the end you and your company can decide whether you change the menu or not, but as a student I think it's also better if you just see with food students like and take away the food that students eats the least and change that for the new food and live the food that students likes. Students might be happy, Because you are not taking the food that students likes and also bringing different menu that students will be happy to have. We are trying different menu and that is also making us be different from others schools, and they would see our school as an example, and they are going to do the same and is quit better because is not only our students that are getting tired of the cafeteria menu, there are others students in different schools that are also going through to this issue. Schools from different states might see us and take the same idea as you have principal, that is going to half not just the students it's also helping our parents to save money, Because students that don't like the menu no more are telling their parents to buy then food from outside, and sometimes does parent don't have the money to do so. It also can help students don't skip classes to go buy from outside because they don't like the food no more, that can help the students, parents, and also the school from not having a bad reputation. Tasting different types of menu, trying new things like food is something that students also loves I put my self for example. There are students that like to try different food, the cafeteria have bad and healthy food but it's not equal and for that we need a change, we need to have healthier food, some students are also alert to food that is in the cafeteria and that's why they don't eat, and they get sick because they eat only at home and most of the time we in school and we don't have the opportunity to go out and buy food. Bringing healthy and different lunch menu is good, became we are able to taste different food and healthier, students won't need to get out of class just to go and buy food from outside, it's dangerous that just for students that skip it also for our parents, Because the school call and let our parents the we skip, and they get worry about you for not letting then know where you are or what are you doing. My conclusion is that students are going to be happy if you just ask the cafeteria manager for a list of with food students loves the most, and one of with one they like the least. That's is going to help all students to be conformed with the new changes that you want to do, students are going to have their favorite food and others students won't need to skip class to go out and buy food, parents won't be worry no more and students are not going to take any risk of getting sick because they don't eat. Healthy food it can help us with many things like, your body, less fat, and more proteins are going to be in our body. Parents won't have to buy food for the kids no more, and they are going to save money, Changing the school menu is a great idea that most of the students are going to understand, and for the one that don't they are going t get used to it. That's going to help every student and people from outside are going to see the changes in the school and others schools should start doing the same for their students. Healthy life with less risk of everything. This is my sincerity opinion and hopefully the Principal takes some ideas of what the students think and what is the best for all of us. Thank you !