Ever since I was little I would dream of going to Hawaii. I would always think of seeing the beautiful crystal clear blue seas. I would want to go scuba diving and get a view of the animals in the ocean. Reasons why I would want to go to Hawaii because it has a huge water park. Furthermore, I always have fun at water parks because it has big slides and big pools and other fun stuff. But Hawaii water park is like three times the size of the water parks I've been in. During the summer I like to go to my pool and spend my time there. I always wished I had a slide in my pool. But my pool is still fun. I invite my friends to make the pool more fun. We play sharks and Minos and other games. Another reason why I would go to Hawaii is because I want to try out their seafood. I heard their seafood is perfect, and it comes fresh out the ocean. Personally my favorite seafood is crab. But I like crab better when it's a crab soup. One more important reason why I would want to go to Hawaii is because I want to spend time with my family. I rarely get to spend anytime with my family. The reason that is because I have to go to school and my work and stuff. Then my when i come back home my dad has to go to work. He comes back around midnight. So basically I never get to see him. I probably see him like for 10 minutes, but then I can't. At least I get to see him during holidays. The first thing I would want to do when I get to Hawaii is gone to the huge water park. I want to go there to have fun. I also want to ride all the slides in the park. Furthermore, I want to play around with my family and have fun with them. My dad and I always go on big slides when we're in a water park. Another activity I would want to do when I get there is ride a bike around the city I'm going to be staying at. I want to get to know the city and all of its locations. I also would love to ride on the mountains so I can get a nice view and take some photos. Something else I would do is swim in the crystal clear oceans with my family. I have never seen my feet when I'm in the ocean and I want to experience that. I also want to have fun throwing a ball around with my family. The first things I would want to see in Hawaii is go scuba diving and get to see the beautiful sea creatures swim around the ocean. Also, for reason I want to get to touch them, and I want to see my families' reaction. I always wanted to sea wild sea creatures. I never get to sea them because the closest ocean to me is dirty, so you can't see nothing under the water. Furthermore, I want to see them swimming around and see other animals in the water. Every time I see a sea creature. The only way I would see one is if I caught it with a fishing rod or its dead on the sand or In the aquarium. I would really want to go on a helicopter and see all of Hawaii. I just want to explore and get a beautiful view of Hawaii. At least see two dolphins hop from the ocean. That would be a perfect moment. But I just want to see Hawaii. I would probably go see one of does fire performance too. One more thing I would want to go see in Hawaii is my family having fun. I want to see them having fun because I rarely get to see them having fun. We usually don't have fun because were not always together. One of my family member has to work, and the other has to do something else. I really wished we could spend time longer together. I would go to Hawaii because I get to increase the relationship with my family and have fun. If I got to Hawaii I'm not be stressed out during that time.