A student does not need to be success to be praised, an achievement doesn't always necessary to have a self-esteeming come from effort failure and motivation, First, success is not the only thing that can make a student be praise. It is their effort what's matters even though a student did not do well on he's work, but the least he tried to do it, maybe he is good at it, but he is been a hard time on his life at that time, if a teacher or someone said good job you did it well I am proud of you. He is going to be happy of that someone understand him at his bad time, and support him. Second, failure is where a student achieve, learn, and gained experience, e never going to achieve at something without fail. Example, my on experience I have been seem to achieve, and things that I did not succeed on it, in my life I had failed many school tests or not get the score what I want to me, it a fail, but to others it not, I always get mad at myself if I do not succeed at any tiny gold. When my teachers or someone tells me something nice, Good or they are proud at my work I felt so my proud of myself I am so proud that I have peoples who can understand me and support me. One day a teacher said" I'm proud to have as my student and to be your teacher you had showed me that no matter what where you came from you can achieve anything you want, also in how hard you have worked maybe your work is no that good, but I had seeing you work harder keep being like this do not gave up on your dream or what you are doing "she praised me with all her words made me cried, and to keep going believe in myself that I can do everything. Third motivation and self-confident, is what makes the difference, and changes a student life. Being confident on what we are doing on our life or working on something even if we don't give our best at least we tried it, sometimes we achieve in something, and we don't learn any new thing because we already know hoe it is done it, if a person praise someone it motivates them to keep going and not give up on their dreams even if its hard and impossible self-esteem makes a person fight back. Finally, self-esteemed won't be always be for achievement, a self-esteem will be always on a student who are willing to do what is hard not the easy thing even though, they don't succeed and or achieve they know who they are and what they are able to do, lowers standard is better than nothing. Some people may think achievement are required to praise while others think that is not, and for these reasons it doesn't be necessary to be success or achieve a gold to be praised by someone.  