Have you ever just sat at home all day and used your phone? Oder food or play games and FaceTime friends? Being on technology doesn't help you make friends or help you get out of the house. Some people say it's a negative effect on people because all they do is use their phone when they need something, instead of going out getting fresh air or hanging out with friends. People that are constantly on their phones can cause them depression, because all they do is sit at home, and the phone provides them everything. It can also draw you away from friends and can be a distraction at school It also can be a positive effect because you get to text your friends, for example if a friend moved out of state you would still have contact with them. Its also easier to do homework, or you can read a book online instead of going to the library and getting one." Technology allows people to complete many tasks without having contact with others" in that quote it says that you can finish a task without having contacts with people, how is someone supposed to have social contacts with people? How do you learn new things or new meet people? That's why technology can be bad for someone people. For example when I'm on my phone all day because I'm sick or stayed home from school I get bored being on my phone all day, yes the phone is useful but it doesn't help staying in your room all day watching a movie or a show, you don't get to learn anything. Talking to people and having social contact is sometimes better, you learn a new word or a new fact each day, but there's some negatives in all of it, you can lose close friends because you get distracted on your phone and you don't listen to what they have to say.There's a lot to do beside staying at home and being on your phone, you can go out and get lunch with friends instead of sitting at home and eating alone. I know a few people that don't have many friends, so they are usually on their phones a lot, you can see the difference, people that are on their phone a lot and just sit at home don't really know how to act in public. People sometimes don't like going out and trying new things because they got used to being on their phones. In conclusion technology is a negative effect on people because it doesn't allow them to see what's outside their phones. They tend to just use their phones when sometimes it's better if they talk to their friends in person. Using your phone can take you away from your friends and it isn't a good thing. 