A person life, is like a little story, there way to think or act goes with what they have been though, some have gone from easiest to harder situations, there are many situations that people go through all the times. Their own way to be, the way they go through situations, makes people take decisions or actions that someone that has gone through the same situation can help them inspired or make positive things in there life. Once you go through many situations it will be helpful to be inspired and think in someone's life. There are so many opinions and ways to influence someone, they can be reasons or things that happened in the life of a person that will not necessarily be inspired by an example of someone's action, or life. Also, an inspiration can make you feel confidence in a situation were you think you do not know what to do. The influence of a person can always be helpful. A example is only main thing to influencing others, there are many ways to inspired people. One example that I think is, that they can be moments were you do not need someone to inspired you, you need to think your situation because you are going to try to make it better by the way you think is the right decision for you. Another example that I think of is, that we are humans, and we are going to make mistakes and the people need to learn from their mistakes, they can be many ways of trying to inspire a person but there times were you do not even think of someone to inspired you. When people think of an inspiration or a motivation to do something they do not realize that they probably have been though the same situation, but everyone is different, things may work for that person, but that does not mean that it can benefit you, it should just be to see it as an example and try to make it better for you and get the positive things. Sometimes it is just a coincidence that they have gone throng the same situation, and they feel identify not necessary inspired, it can also be a way to see how people can have many ways to handle a situation, like what did I do that that person handle it different from from what I went through if it was the same situation, what can a make different if that situations happens again. Is that there times that they feel touch by the way there life, or situation is similar to someone who when throng the same situation, it can be inspired by the way that they went throng the same problems, feel identify with something that happened to a friend, a family member, or them self. There are times that just by the action that someone can know, can feel, can think they way they felt in that situation, can be so influence by them, for knowing that you have not been the only one that went through that. But it can be helpful to have someone that can inspired someone with their experience, sometimes people do not know what else to do they feel like there the only ones that have gone through the same situation, and an inspiration of a person can help them feel that they have someone who has been through that and that if they did it they can do it. It can also just be in there head that they think they need someone as an example just to be better or to feel confident with them self. There always going to be good or bad moments sometimes you experience something that can make them be that person who inspires, I think it can definitely inspire someone's action. A behavior can influence others, but everyone has different ways to think, and it is not necessary if they watch someone doing a positive or negative thing will influence them is all in they way they want to act, the kind of person they are and the way they think. But it is a good thing to inspired other and make them look what you have been trough and be a part f an influence that someone can be touch or identify by your life 