It has been said that a positive attitude is the key to success in life. I agree with this statement about the importance of attitude of the people. I think is very important to be positive and has a good attitude with everybody. In the other head, many people like the people that has a positive attitude. For example when I was in my country Generic_City. There is a woman call Generic_Name she has a small restaurant in the park front to her house. She was sold I say was because I don't know if she still has the restaurant. However, In the restaurant she was sold many type of food. For example soup, chicken, popular and Generic_Name need someone to help her with the restaurant job. And there is a woman her name is Generic_Name she is very smart however she has a bad attitude with everybody. She went to apply for the restaurant job, and she has a good experience in the restaurant. And there is other woman name Generic_Name she is very nice, and she always tries to help others in the community also she has a positive attitude with the people. Generic_Name call Generic_Name and Generic_Name Because Generic_Name want to interview. Also, she want meet they and see how they are and what they know about work in a restaurant. The fist woman the come to Generic_Name house was Generic_Name she doesn't say good morning she just went to Generic_Name and say I am interested in the job. Generic_Name was very surprising because her just ask for the job don't in produce herself and Generic_Name told her that she already has someone to help her in the restaurant. Generic_Name just say ok bye. After one hour Generic_Name come to Generic_Name House, and she says good Morning I am Generic_Name it is here where they are hearing someone to help work in a restaurant. Generic_Name told her yes so Generic_Name was talking with Generic_Name and Generic_Name know that Generic_Name know a little about work in a restaurant bout she notices that she is smart and with the time she will be learn fast, and she will be appreciate the opportunity that Generic_Name is give to her. Also, Generic_Name has a positive attitude went she was speaking with Generic_Name. In fact, I think has a positive attitude is the key to success in life. For example, few days ago my father was very worried because he has just two days to finish one of the big job the has. He was thinking to ask my brother if he has time to came help him. My brother told him that he is going to help him, and he look at my father he was very worry, and he asks my father what is happened why he looks worry.my father told him that is for the job that he has he just has two days to finish, and my brother always has a positive attitude, and he told my father to don't worry that everything is going to be okay. And he is going to do his best to help him with the job. He is going to do the more fast that he can, and he is going to ask his friends to come and help hem with his big project. After two days they finish the job on time. And My father boss was so happy that they do a great job and my father was very proud of my brother because he has a positive attitude, and he believes in his self. This is why I think that a positive attitude is the key to success in life. Because is help to win many things with the family and other persons.