Have you ever been thinking about doing something fun and active outdoors with your friends and family? Well, I'm going to share with you some ideas of having a great time outside. I like to invite my friends over and play with my dog outside. Or if you and your family are going on a trip or vacation, you might go to the beach. But what is it that makes these activities fun? Sometimes you may not feel like going outside and just want to stay inside and play video games, which is fine sometimes, but you can't just play video games all the time. You should go outside and be active more often. Like I said, if you have a dog you should always play with them because it's fun for both of you! Dogs tend to make everyone feel happier inside, and they help reduce stress. Another great outdoor activity would include playing sports. Playing sports is one of the most fun activities you can do outside with other people. Sports like basketball, soccer, football, baseball, volleyball are all great fun activities for outside! One amazing enjoyable activity would include going a nearby park because there's so much to do there! You can do a variety of fun activities such as playing with your dog, playing a sport, you can go on the swings, you can go on the slide, run, jump, you can have so much fun at parks! Sometimes when I get stressed or upset, I like to go outside with my dog and just observe the great outdoors. It makes me feel a little better and my dog helps me reduce my stress. I love my dog so much and so do a lot of other people. They are really fun to play with and spend time with. Going on walks is fun for me and my dog. Walking your dog in the neighborhood is a great way to get out and be active. Doing outdoor activities is great for everyone because you can have fun with all your friends and family and feel strong and energetic. Even if you don't like the activity, you should give it a try. Or, if you're feeling down, maybe an outdoor activity will make you fell better. I talked to you about the benefits and the different ways you can have an enjoyable time outside. I recommend that you try doing one of these activities and spend time with your friends and family. Maybe going outside will be your new favorite thing!  