Former British Prime Minister Winston Churchill once said that" success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm." I agree with Churchill's statement about the important role that failure plays in the pursuit of success. Just like saying "if you want to know everything you got to not know anything first." , "if you want to be rich you got to be poor first." , "You got to learn how to walk before you run." Every people that are smart, rich and well-know there are all born without any of that just like every single one of us, no one is perfect. We all have something that we are good at and something that we are bad at. The way to successful is not hard to get there. Do what you are good at. Make sure you are enjoined what you are doing. Just like this one man that I forgot his name said "get a job that you are enjoined doing it, a job that you have fun doing it, and you will jump out of the bed in morning." You are who you are right now because of all the mistake you make in the pass. "Success consists of going from failure to failure." you lean from your mistake. If you never do anything wrong that mean you never do anything at all. All the mistake you make you better because you lean from it. You can also lean from another people mistake too. It's one of the reason why most thing in world got better. Soccer is the sport that I like. I'm not that good at it but not that bad either. When I first start playing I don't know a lot about it, so I keep playing unit I know a little more about it. Then I start playing with the pro player because I know that I'm going to make a lot of mistakes and all those mistake going to help lean how to play and how to get better, and it does. I make a lot of mistakes I still do, but I like to take a hit sometime it makes me stronger. You know what they say "what doesn't kill you make you stronger." so I keep trying and trying to hope that I can make that to be my job. Mistake dose help you it may be a big one something or a small one but all the mistake help you. I was awful at soccer once but now I petty good at it. All of this should explain why Churchill said that"success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm." Mistake is a part of you it's a part of everything, but it's not all way bad.(make me pass please) 