It's important to talk to a guidance and authorities expert when making a decision. People may say that making your own decision is good but others, say seeking guidance from experts and authorities about life's important matters is better, because it's helpful to hear other people's advice, and they are experienced. Some people may argue that making your own decision is good because it makes an person independent and people don't have to hear other people's opinion. They have a point but how do they know they are making the right choice if they don't try talking to a guidance expert. Seeking guidance form experts and authorities about life's important matters is important because it's helpful to hear other people's advice. For example if my friend Generic_Name had to make a life-changing decision it's important that she goes and talks to a guidance counselor. Also, if she doesn't speak to a guidance expert, and she makes a wrong choice who knows what could happen. It also makes room for fewer mistakes when you talk to others who are experts in guiding people. It's good to talk to a guidance counselor to make sure the decision being made is benefiting the person positively. Furthermore, it's important to seek for guidance when making a decision. Seeking guidance from experts and authorities about life's important matters is better because they are experienced. If people were to talk to others who don't have any idea what they are talking about, then that might not be helpful for the person who needs help. Also, it makes it easy to trust someone who is experienced. Which means the person who needs help would be less stress out when having to make the decision. When speaking to someone who is experienced it makes it easy for people to talk to without having to worry if the person is going to say the wrong thing. Speaking to a guidance and authorities who are experienced is important when making a decision. In conclusion when making an important decision It's important to talk to a guidance and authorities expert, to reassure what the person is doing is right for them, So that the decision they make does not affect the person negatively. It also helps the person grow, and it shows them when making choices they don't have to go through it alone.  