I agree that having a positive attitude is key to be successful in life. Having a good attitude in any working space is key to any job also you have never heard anyone at a party with a bad attitude and to be more honest with you having a good attitude anywhere will help you a lot. I agree just not only for having just a good attitude but to make someone smile and the bad vibes go away I'm grateful that I have a good attitude. Also, maybe having a good attitude in the work place will speed up your day, so you could go back home and do nothing and relax. I work at a restaurant and I feel as in if I have a bad attitude at work time goes slower but when I have a good attitude at work time goes so fast. It's your first impression of a person it helps if u have a good attitude it will help you on the long run. Make a situation for bad to good for a hundred to zero fast which is a good thing. Then, I think that having a good attitude at work will help a lot of people in the long run because you could find your future wife, and you could find someone famous or better things. And most people don't think about how having a good and not bad attitude will benefit them. Having a good attitude will take you places were people could never think of and will help up be successful in like get a good job, get promoted, then get to the top and make lots of money. I know a lot of people want to be rich and make lots of money so got good attitude in life some don't. Everyone have their own ideas and have their own perspective of each other. Lots of people are negative in the world's most people have it the hard way became they are poor don't have anything more to live for but that is wrong people you need to keep your head up no matter what happens. After that, I think that I also said that being kind to people and giving them a smile will cheer a lot of people up, and make the world a better place and make everyone be grateful for what they have. People don't want to be by themselves they want to be with other humans and wants a better for everyone. In all honestly people should work for a better work space and have a good attitude. Having a good attitude is perfect for work place and more. I think that people need to know what's bests for them and there heath. I also imagine lots of people with good attitude, but there are a lot of people with bad attitudes.  