People who mastered with experience and not knowing what to do next, can find themselves a new alternative skill. The Brain does not have a limited amount of knowledge. The good thing about it, is that the Brain never gets full. What they can achieve, lead to society were people pass down to the generation and to generation, expecting a challenge to test there skills and multitask is a benefit opportunity. Most people, has a unique an ability. That all over the world want to hear your name. These pass few years, people pass down there outstanding skill to generation. Back way before, Ancestors tell their children of they can do for a future life. Then they tell there future children and the next; it in our blood. People around the world would say "Hey, I like this guy, he can do anything". These people want to be followed in his/her shoes. What you already mastered such as: a Gunsmith, a Formula 1 driver, an Investor, a Stock Broker, a Magician or even a Scientist would tell their own children what do to and what not do to. In fact, tell them to be in their shoes. Generation grows bigger and bigger; Wonder what would happen next. On the other hand, you might as well encounter something that you never try before, a challenge. In this position, people want to test their master skill to the test. It is good thing because you want to prove yourself, as an expert, that you want to be anonymous person who tries so hard to achieve their goal. People will say "Dream Big" or "Just do it" that gets people motivate to face their mastered skills to the next level. Dreaming for a challenge beyond their skill, is a goal for them, they don't want to give up. If they do, what's the point of hard work. Furthermore, benefits is what you want in life, it happens everywhere: jobs, schools, and physical health. Nowadays, people want more benefits than just one. By multitasking, this opportunity help there job more easy, but sometimes not so easy. When you are doing more than one skill: a promotion and a rise(money) can come as a reward. That being said, "Unless you try to do something beyond what you already mastered, you will never grow" is not all true. People can have 2, 4 or maybe 8 skill that can show what they got. In the end, there are a lot of ways to ensure that people can go beyond than anything. Pass down your skill in next gen, a challenge to prove them self that they are worthy, and benefits for being a multitasker is one those reason that he/she is something special. Doing beyond what you master, can make you grow. Never stop of what you love to do in life.  