What's a career? A career is an occupation or a profession that someone do. People can start their career at any time in life. It's a good idea for students to commit to a career at a young age because career would prepare students for what they want to become in the future, and it can help students learn more skills and experience when they work with others. Firstly, career can prepare students for what they want to become in the future. Consider someone who wants to become a doctor. People who want to become doctors usually work at the hospital, so they can watch how doctors do their work. For example, Generic_Name was a student at Generic_school, and he wanted to become a doctor one day. Generic_Name started to work at the hospital after his parents told him that they didn't have money to put him in college. Generic_Name learned a lot of things about doctors before he went to college; and when he went to college, it wasn't so hard for him because most things about doctors seemed familiar. Generic_Name graduated with a bachelor's degree, and he became a good doctor. This proves that committing to a career at a young age can be helpful in the future. Secondly, Career can help students learn more skills and have more experience of things in life. For example, Generic_Name loves when someone plays guitar, and he always says that he wish he knew how to play guitar. Generic_Name was hired after he applied on a part-time job which was called" Teen fun time". It was a good job for Generic_Name because they could teach him many things including guitar. Generic_Name was taught how to play guitar by some guy who liked how Generic_Name was a hard worker and nice to everyone. After hard months of training, Generic_Name could play guitar by himself. People loved how Generic_Name played guitar, therefore, his manager made him play at the entrance of the building, so people can enjoy while entering the building. Generic_Name was able to draw, paint, and cook after he worked at the Teen fun time for a while. Teen fun time made Generic_Name a good guitar player and a great cooker. Some people may say that it is not a good idea for students to commit to a career at a young age because some teenagers turn into disrespectful children to their parents when they receive their first checks. For example, Generic_Name was hired at the boys and girls club. After he received his first check, he could not do anything his parents ask him to do, and he would claim that he's going to be late to work. His parents did not like it, and it made them unhappy sometimes. However, committing to a career at a young age is good because it teaches teenagers a lot of stuffs they need to know in life. Teenagers also make money from a career, which means that they can help their parents with small needs like buying clothes for themselves and shoes. In conclusion, a career at a young age prepares students for their future career. If someone wants to become a pilot, they have to work at the airport, so they can get some ideas on how planes fly. Committing to a career at a young age can help students learn more skills and have more experience on things in life. By working with people, students can learn new stuffs from people they don't know. This proves that committing to a career at young age is good for students.