Do you want your child home school to adopt the four-day school week and extend the schools hours? I do not agree with schools extending the schools hours nor adopting a four-day week. Some students have just do not like what they are doing in class or do not get the chapter, so they get others students to do it for them. They can get a lot of homework, so if they extend the school day they are going to have more homework than usual and be tired. Students can get home late and cannot spend time with their families, if they have a lot of homework. Within four-day school week students can get stressed out iller than usual. The way that parent can react for adding more hours. First, some people act like they do not know what they are doing, just because they are lazy. In my opinion, some students like others students to do their work and that is not fair for the other student. Allowing to extend the schools hours is going to mess people schedule or their parents work schedule. Some parents get out of work early, and they got time to pick their child up, if we extend the schools hours that could really mess them up. Students are so much smarter if they focus on what they want. I believe that once you put your mind to it, you will get it. Next, parents do not like their child to get home so tired. Some parents like to know how was their day or how their grades look like, but if a student is tired all the time how she or he supposes to have good grades? Sleep is one of the most important things that a human being needs. A human cannot go long without sleep. Parents like to see their child happy, with energy, and doing things that she or he likes students do not have the sleep they need to have, that is going to mess with his or her grades. School is hard itself and I do not think adding more hours is going to be helpful. Finally, getting home late and stressing out are one of the worst things ever. Stress can lead you to have some type of illness in the future. What some people do to release stress is that they get a day to themselves and go to a spa or shopping. Other people get things done first, and they would like to shopping or to do something they like such as going to the movies, play video games, and play any sport. Students get a lot of homework in a week, imagine in a four-day week. People should really think first what they are going to do and get it done. Some people just like taking everything as a joke and that is not good, but that is on them. In my opinion just do it, just get it done and get it over with. Some people just get lazy, but they still get it done. No matter what's on your way, you can always get things done. When getting home late from school or any activity all you want to so is rest. Some people go to sleep knowing that they have homework or a test the very next day, if they did not study or got their homework done, they might have a zero or both things. That is why I think it is important to study and not to adopt the four-day school week. In conclusion, conserving energy and resources has a lot of benefits, but I do not agree with adding hours to school. Students have it so much harder now days that I think extending the school day is going to be even worst. Some disadvantages are people get stress easily, they will have a lot of homework, and finally they can get home late especially if they have to stay after school. Honestly people who agree on this have their good or bad reasons, but these are my reason why we should agree to extend the schools hours nor adopting the four-day school week. However, just do what's have to be done for you to accomplish your dream. If they add more hours to the school or not, do not worry just focus on you.