Energy had become the most usable thing in the world; without energy students couldn't be able to find information for their homework or projects. In this lifetime is the most valuable thing students can lose. Although students would have a three-day weekend, they would not lose any minute of class, nevertheless they would have more time to work because they would go to school only four days per week, which would give them more time to earn more money at work, spend more time with family and friends, and do their homework and projects on this three-day weekend. To begin, energy is the most usable thing everyone uses, and if students do not start to conserve it, in the future it could be difficult to get. For example, technology in schools is advancing over the years. Teachers give homework and projects to students online where they have to use their smartphones, which need energy to get charge, so they can use them for their assignments. They also use internet, which requires energy to function. This proves that if Generic_School extend the school day two hours for a four-day school week to conserve energy and resources, teachers would have to start giving students homework in which they have to use books. Obviously, students would have to adapt to find information for their homework and projects in books, like old times, and stop using technology to find information. Furthermore, students would like the idea of having a three-day weekend. For example, they could use that time for work, spend time with family and friends, and do homework and projects. This shows that students would not miss any day of school because they would spend the same amount of hours they usually spend at school, but only in four days; the two extra hours Generic_School would extend on the schedule for a four-day week, would sum the hours the students spend on a regular week, yet they will divide that time in four days. They also can earn more money if they work more hours on those days that they would have off. Students would also have more time to study for any test they may have, or do any homework or projects. Clearly, this will be a benefit for students and teachers. They would get an extra day off without missing anything at school. Overall, students would enjoy their three-day weekend studying, working, or spending time with family and friends because they would have an extra day on the weekend. Students would also adapt to find information in books. In conclusion, if Generic_School extend the school day two hours for a four-day school, would be helpful to conserve energy and resources.