"Unless you try something beyond what you already mastered, you will never grow" I agree with this argument because if people never try something new, they will never know if they choose the best option because never try. In my opinion be afraid is the worse thing in the world. In my experience afraid is the most thing that I feel stopped me because if I am afraid I never try something beyond things I have, even knowing that it can be better for me. Also, if people try to do something new, they will learn more things than they already know. Keeping trying is the best option for all people in the world. Does not matter if they fail, or they are wrong, and finally I agree with the statement because people will never know if they will get better opportunities in a job, college or in general life, if they never try, or they never force their selves to be successful. First, if people never try something new, they will never know if the way they choose, was the best option because they will be always with the doubt thinking about what could happen if they were tried. They will never be brave enough if they never try to do something new because they are afraid. In my opinion the best example is when teenagers are in school, specially people who are from Central American countries, they are afraid because they do not speak the international language "English" so, they prefer do not try something like; speak with their classmates or even with their teachers, if they have any doubt they will never ask because they are afraid. They just do not want to try it because they are afraid of classmates or teachers laugh about them, even when the teacher is good with them because some teachers are a kind of rude, not all of them, but there are some of them. In my personal experience, the last year I had two teachers who was very rude with me and my friend. We were in our class when she asked for something that I did not understand, and I asked her what was that, and she said that if we do not speak English we need to go back our country, and my other teachers was angry because in my class all the people was speaking Spanish, and she said the same thing that my another teacher said before "If you do not speak English just go back to your countries". These are examples why teenagers are afraid to try new thins, and they just prefer stay quite, but the only way to know how things are going to take place, is tried it. If people try new things, they will be better person that they already are because they will fifth for the things they want, they will be successful by their selves. Second, if people try to do new things, they will learn more things that they already know. When people try something new the results can not be always positive. They can fail, but at least they were brave to try something that they never try before, and they have to be proud of their selves even if they did not get what they want. However, if they did not get what they want, they learned something new because people learn from the mistakes. Mistakes are the best way to learn because you will know what to do the next time that you try the same thing until you get what you want. Does not matter if you are wrong, you will learn because the life is a lesson that you learn every single day. In my experience when my uncle wants to get his license, we went to the DMV so many times, but he always fails his test. We went to the DMV about five times till the day he pass his test, but he never gives up even knowing that he can fail the last time we went, he wants to try it again and keeping trying still they have his license with him. So do not get frustrate if you do not get it the first time you try, just keeping trying, you will get it. Finally, is people will never know if they will get better opportunities if they never try. So many people in the word are looking for better opportunities but the most of the time they never get it, the only reason is that they never try. When people want to get a new job where they need to do something that they never did before they choose to do not try it because they do not want to be wrong, but if they never try it, never will be better, never will get the best opportunity to be successful. Everybody is afraid about fail and fail is the most comun reason what people stop to doing something they want, but fail is not the worse thing in the world, the really worse thing is not try it. People can get better opportunities also in the college, they need to try something maybe the things can work good for them. Life is the best gift that we have, we can be sad, we can be happy, we can be whatever we want, and do whatever we want to do, but need to keep try it. If something does happen just like people want, keeping try it to get perfection. To get what they want, they need to force their selves until get and be who really want to be. Life is the best teacher we have. The life teach us be brave, be proud of ourself,be the best person than we were yesterday, but life also teach us to fifth to get better opportunities, and better lifestyle. In conclusion, try new things is better than stay with the things people already have. Try is the best option that people have, does not matter what people say about the way people decide to take, everybody is going to choose the best way for their lives. So keep trying, on that way you will master more things than you already have. Does not matter how good you are or how many things you already have. You need to looking for better thing, better opportunities. People do not have to be afraid, people need to be brave to get what they want. Do not give up if the things do not take the place that you want, just keeping trying. Always will be better try new things, to continue to grow up than stay where you are with the things you already have. Better life, better opportunities, the best person in the world. I am very agreed with the statement, and you need to be agreed, too. "Unless you try to do something beyond what you already mastered, you will never grow".