Accomplish your dreams and you will have many opportunities. Opportunities don't always just come like magic you have to work for them. One thing I want to accomplish in the future is going to college because I want to study for the job I want, I will also find more job opportunities, and I also will get a good amount of money. I want to study for a job after college. By going to college I can study whatever I want for whatever I want to do in the future. If I study hard enough I will have a good future. The more I study the better. Because I can have a future without a lot to worry about. If I don't study I could end up having a poor job. If I have a poor job I will have to worry a lot more about how I'm going to pay this and that. So at the end it's better to work hard when you have the opportunity because it will pay off after in life. After college, I can have I can have better job opportunities. When you go to college you have more experience on what you want to work as. The more you know, the more job opportunities you have. When you look for a job they look at everything about you. When they see you went to college they will want you at their company. If you go to college you can study something you like, and you know you will want to do in the future, and then you will have two options. One of the options would be to look for a big company and work there or start your own company. Going to college gives you two options starting your own company or look for a big company to work in. When you go to college you have better job opportunities and will get well paid. After college, you can look for a big company, and you will get well paid. With the money you get you can pay all your bills and keep the rest to your self. With a good job you get good money, and can help those who need it the most. You can help your family or people in the streets. With the money your get you can even start you own company. Starting your own company will take time, but you will succeed. When you accomplish your dreams help does who need to be helped. My accomplishment is to go to college for many good reasons. You go to college to get a good job and get paid well. If you accomplish your dreams help others accomplish their with all the things you are provided and let them know that just like you help them to accomplish their dreams they should help others too.