Hail G/Selassie, one of the most famous long distance runners of all time, did not pave his way to success because he was born with it. He came from a poor family, and walked a long distance to his school every day. When he started running, he was not good at all. He worked day and night to get to where he is. And when he speaks about his past, he tells the story of how he failed again and again a lot of times, but he never lost his passion for his dream. And now he is one of the richest people in Ethiopia and one of the best record holders of Marathon. Success is a dream for most and a reality for only a few. When it comes to how success is achieved, it creates a great question in all our minds and that is,"How can I be successful?". Some say that success is achieved by going through failures without giving up or without losing hope. That is a truly arguable idea and some might think different. But I fully agree with that idea. The fact that almost all the masterminds that are known for their creations of the bulb, physics theories, telephone and many more of the things we take for granted at the moment told the story of how they tried and failed many times than they count. And that is one proof of the point that success doesn't come without failure. There might be some people that argue this point by pointing out that many people have tried and failed and tried again, but it didn't help them achieve their dreams. That is a good point, but the fact is that failing is not the only thing that determines your success, but failing and not being discouraged is what really counts. If we plan to achieve a goal, we shouldn't lose our excitement for that specific thing we're doing, we should rather be more encouraged to try harder and to find another way to make it work. For example, when we first built a rocket, it wasn't done in a day or in the first try. Engineers tried to fix the problem in the mechanical part. Scientists tried to see if their calculations was wrong or if the combination of the chemicals didn't work and many others tried to fix it, but they failed more than a couple of times. By not giving up though, it was a success at last. It might not always seem like it, but failure leads to success. The main point is not giving up and not losing our enthusiasm. As the saying goes, "If you fail once, try and try harder". Never give up on your dreams and don't be discouraged by failure.  