How will be high school different if you will graduate in three years instead of the traditional four years? Three years things happen very faster than four years. You can't learn a lot of things that happen in high school in three year because you will follow different plan for to graduate early. It is not a good idea for students to finish high school in three years and enter college because I have to force my work, I will be indecisive, and I won't be able to take elective course. All this will be hared days for me to finish my high school in three years. Firstly, if I want to graduate in three years I have to force my work because I must have to take courses during the summers or in the evenings. And I do not want to do that because normally my family every summer go to visit different country. Also, I have to take course during the evenings where I go to play soccer because I like to play. For example, if I want to graduate early I could not do this, and I am too young to force my life, I have time to take these things slow because when I force my work I feel like my work will be wrong, and I could not learn anything and that can not help me to go to the college. So three years is too short to learn everything that we have to learn in high school. It is not a good idea to force your work because like you did to learn things from the high school is how you will forget it. Also, finish your high school in three years do not let you think about what you want to study for the college because your course will be to short, and you want to do a good decision. If you have a lot of time you can think better, and you can find a new goal. For example, when I was in eleven grade I did not what I want to study when I will go to the college. But now I am taking geometry and I like it. Now like to be architected because I found that math is one of my favorite class. If I just took three years of high school I did not what want to do for college. So three years is too short to take decision for go to the college, you can go but as an indecisive student. Finally, high school in three years will be boring for me without course elective because there two courses electives that I like. One of them is art and band those became me a good student, they change my life. For example, when I play the violin in my class with my classmate that moment, I forget everything that was wrong in my life. Another example is art where I can draw my happiness and I can remember that the life is not wrong. So I prefer to study four year and take my course elective than to study three years whiteout enjoy my high school with my course elective. It is a not good idea to students to study three years of high school because they won't find the taste of high school. Some people think that work force, indecisive person and won't be able to take course elective is better because they want to graduate early. They do not care about their life, they just want to do this to do that, and they do not learn anything. However, to go the college you need to be more prepare because college is different from high school. That is why most of the college is hard to enter because some educational programs offer that allow high school student to graduate in three years and then when they go to college they do not anything. Because in three years is not enough for a high school students.