Smooth Sails do not make Skillful Sailors! In my opinion, anyone can succeed if they work hard and strive for what they want to achieve. Nothing is a piece of cake. There is handwork and determination behind every successful person. One should have a specific aspiration in their life, and should not do something because they are forced to. There will be a satisfaction if we make a mistake in the work we like to do. We try to find solutions and solve the problem, but if we do something our parents want us to, there will be no contentment. School life should be the time when all the students should relax and have fun in addition to studying. It is not supposed to be a burden to anyone. Every kid has a right to receive the same education and programs. Discrimination should not be shown to anyone. They should be allowed to do whatever they want to, but should be taken care of so that they do not do something wrong. American school systems are perfect for students because they get to study and at the same time they can take courses they are passionate about. They have a chance to learn new things about the career they want to pursue. The balanced system helps them to manage stress level and also concentrate on how their future will unfold. Some schools in the United States also allow high school students to graduate in three years instead of traditional four years. There is no point in students graduating one year early to work or enter to college soon. How does graduating one year early matter? This increases nothing but stress and restlessness. Some students wish to do that not because they want to, but their parents force aspirations on their children. I do not say that it is wrong whatever parents do, but I say that this is not a right way to expect their kids to be successful. All the students need recreational time when they can forget all the school stress and enjoy their time, but parents desire to see their kids as the most successful person, is not letting them be happy like other kids. Higher grades always do not matter. All that matters is that how can we use in ow much knowledge we attained from the school and how can we use that knowledge in the future. In order to finish high school early, the kids are required to take summer classes and spare their time in the evening. This is not something that is useful for a kid. They need some time to relax their mind, so that concentrate in their studies. They should be able to take their favorite electives as those classes can help them to be successful in the future. I know an incident where one of my cousin graduated early from high school in order to attend college early. He was really smart until high school junior year. He had a great knowledge of what is happening around the world. Furthermore, he would share those with everyone and help us gain some knowledge too, but at the end of the junior year, he was so into graduating early that he did work hard and finally got into a college. Furthermore, he regrets that decision now as he did not learn so many things in the last year of high school that are stressing him now. If everyone finishes high school in the traditional way, they will know everything about college and how it works. Then they can do whatever they want to and have at least some knowledge about it. We often hear news about how students commit suicide as they are stressed about academics, so I think they should not do whatever they do not like, and instead work on what they desire for. Hard work is the key to success, but that does not mean that everyone should work hard on something they do not like. Instead they should really work hard to achieve what they want. Our aspirations should not be impacted by anyone. If we have our own goal and ways to succeed them, we should follow that way and make sure that we become the most successful individual in that particular field. 