"Hey I had fun reading this book with you", younger student said. Kids especially younger ones love the older students because they make everything cool and fun. Since some schools have a program where they pair up a younger and older student together to help both of them. The program could help both of them learn something cool, interesting and the older ones can learn how to assist a kid and could share different opinion that they can't share front of the teacher about learning. One way the program can help both younger and older student is by. They both can learn about something they have never learned or what they young want to learn about. Younger kids can teach the older ones how to say different stuff that they are learning. The older can each them what they are learning in class. This could be a mini deal that both have with each other, and it could help. Another way the program can help both younger and older student is by. The older ones are almost ready for job. He could learn more about how to control a kid and teach them or assist them. The younger kid could tell them ways and teach them. This could lead to a good bounding with older students. I think they would see each other after years and be like I know who you are you were the one who assisted me. Last way the program can help both younger and older student is by. The feeling a student has is like why are we doing this. Is this even related to anything. They would be able to give there opinion what they think about the topic or subject. Mostly students are shy front of class, but that would be only person to person, they won't be shy. This could help the students explain there self. I think it would make both of them feel comfortable. I think this program would help a lot of the students confident to talk to people and learn in a fun way. This help a lot of people I am one of them. When I was in 6th grade I was a reading, so I read books with my reading buddies it was fun. You get help in subject you need help in it makes everything easy. This program could help you in different problems you have. It will encourage you to learn more, so you can tell your helper.  