How old were you when you decided what you wanted to do for a living? Some schools are requiring students to choose their career before entering high school, witch shouldn't be done. Although it is understandable that students know witch career path they would like to take to start preparing early. Students should not be choosing their careers at a young age as they are too young and inexperienced with the world, should be more focused on enjoying their childhood and lastly should work up slowly to decide what they would like to be when they grow up. Students before high school are too young to choose a career path, as they most likely do not have many responsibilities. For example a child with little experience on responsibility might choose a career that requires you to be very responsible. The child with little experience on responsibility will quickly be stressed and overwhelmed and will most likely under preform. An older student will have more responsibilities and will have more experience, most likely will choose a career that will be a better fit for them and require responsibilities they are comfortable handling. Young students shouldn't be extremely focused on what career path they want to take. They should be more focused on enjoying their childhood. By engaging in extracurricular activities such as: sports, music, reading and acting. By participating hobbies they enjoy being a part of. The students will explore and experience more witch will help them as they get older in choosing what they like and what they would like to do for living by simply having fun. As we only have one childhood, and we shall enjoy it while it last. A way of introducing careers to young students without making them commit to a specific one. Is having classes in schools that teach a specific career such as: construction, engineering, agriculture and law enforcement. By providing classes like this to children they will be open to explore new things without committing to one career. Slowly introducing different careers to students by having extra classes. Is a good way for them to start thinking about their future without making them choose one specific career. Overall students at a young age should not be choosing their careers. It its way too much stress for a child. They are way too inexperienced in responsibility. Should be focused on enjoying their childhood. Introducing different careers at a young age without making them commit is a helpful way. This will slowly introduce them to different careers without making them commit to one and risk stressing them out. In conclusion students will wait till their time comes in high school, and they will select their career path from there. 