Some schools use cell phones in the classroom for educational purpose. Cellphones has become the major problem in schools for students and for teachers. I think that cellphones should not be allowed in the classroom because students don't do the work that they supported be doing and schools already have technology to use. Cellphones shouldn't be allowed for educational purpose because students don't do that work that they supported be doing. Sometimes students take pictures of homework or a test, and then they pass it to a friend. They always want to check theirs social media like Snapchat or Instagram. This in one reason why students fail classes or fail grades. For example, in my English class there is a guy who is always using his phone, checking his social media or checking his messages that his friends has be sending to him, and he is not passing his classes. Also, cellphones shouldn't be allowed for educational purpose because schools already have technology for students can use. The government gives the schools computers because they want the students graduate and don't have any distraction by using theirs cellphones. Schools have computers or iPads and this why teacher don't need to let the students use their phone to do any work that they have to do. However, Students can do their work in the computer where the teacher can be checking what the students are doing, if his doing his work or not. Some students might say that they can use their cellphones in the classroom because it is easier for them to translate words than be looking words in the dictionary. Also, some students might say that they can't live without using their phone. Finally, they might say that using theirs phone can be easier because they can be checking their work any time that they want. In conclusion, I think that cellphones shouldn't be allowed in the classroom. Students have to learn how to live without their phone because graduate and not fail classes is more important than be texting their friends all the time. Also, for teacher that let students use their phone for any work think that's not a good idea because the teacher is helping the student to get distracted by using their phone and not passing their classes.