The author Ralph Waldo Emerson wrote, ''to be yourself in a world that constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.'' I agree with Emerson statement about individuality because I've actually seen people end up in big problems trying to pretend for the world. . In the world we live in we can't even hide from the act because It's in out TV's and advertisement. If I'm being honest there is no benefit from this whole act of changing for the world in order for them to like you. My favorite rap artist is Takashi Six nine who has recently been on the charts and hot 100 in America for his songs. The main reason he got all those views and streams was because he was putting up a front and printing to being someone else in his lyrics. This artist has even been also been skating on thin ice for a while. He has also created and posted on the internet videos of him doing crimes which lead to his arrest on november 20 2018. Tekashie is now serving jail time for trying to prove to the world that he was a big time gangster. My other reason for me to agree with Emerson statement about individuality was because our lives has changed now that the advertisement is telling you change and look a certain way. For example, I use Instagram every single day and fifth percent of the time the ads are about weight pills and cool clothes which have gang related logos on it now people buy these clothes and aren't even part of gang related activity because the market is influence you to buy it. People can early fall for the trap that's why you should always be yourself no matter what. Now to my last reason as a human being I've made mistakes, and I've learned you always have to be yourself from those mistakes. When you are trying to act a type of way the life choices you will be making and friends you hang around will matter. You can be acting for your friends and end up in jail due to the way to were acting to make your friends happy. I think it's much better to be yourself and to see that as an accomplishment because we are all now in a tech phase where web presents is a big deal and people go at any risk to achieve that goal. I, for one, can say that it is hard to not act like anyone because I came from Canada to America and I didn't change and it's benefiting me because I'm making better choices. These are the reason why I agree with the statement author Ralph Waldo Emerson made about individuality. I also think that everyone that's trying to achieve something good and do something with their lives should always keep in mind to be there selves no matter what. 