How can a student learn more from home than attend classes in school?. A student has more benefits if they attend to classes in schools because if the student can not understand a topic or has questions about it, the teacher can not explain by video conferencing as a teacher that can explain face to face a be sure that student understood. My second reason is a student does not have a person who trust or a person to appeal if He/She is passing for any personal or familiar problem. In schools We can find a lot of people as a teacher, counselor, police members, and psychologist to help students. My last reason is a student has to socialize with other students to be prepared for his/her future. Firstly, if a student can not understand a topic and has questions about it, they can feel more comfortable to ask and said"I do not understand, can You explain me again?, if they are with the teacher face to face. Generic_Name (My friend's name) decided to take the classes online, in the beginning He was so excited, but after one month He told me that was not a good choice because He does not feel comfortable asking a lot of question about one topic by the computer, and when He is not understood something, He just does not said anything to the teacher who is given him classes by video conferencing. Secondly, in schools we can find many ways to be help if we have any problem in home. Teachers, counselors, any person who works in the school can help us. In my junior year I had a classmate who was attending to the school, but then she changes her classes to online, When I ask her why she changes her classes She told me that her mom was fired of her job and She had to start working to support her family. She was 16 when that happened she felt alone with nobody who help her. Lastly, students has to socialize with other students to feel the sensation of surpassing. If they just does not want to attend school because they are shy, or they do not like to interact with other students, We are not educating a good citizen. Student has to feel the sensation of surpassing when they do their homework or when He/She finished their assignments, that sensation the student can not lose. I read in a newspaper a case about Generic_Name, He was 16 when He attended to online classes, He never like to attend to school when He discovers the option for students to attend classes from home he decided take it. Because He is never like to interact with other students. After 2 years he graduated, but he never is prepared to socialized with persons, and that affects his personal life. In conclusion, the offer to learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing in not a good idea because all of them are under 18, They do not have a good criterion to take that big decision that can bring serious consequences or affect their lives.