It has been said that a positive attitude is the key of success. Some people think that having a positive attitude is not the key to success. That is comprehensible but not all the time. I strongly agree that having a positive attitude can walk you threw success. In my opinion I think having a positive attitude is the key of success because It makes you feel confident on what you are doing.First, a positive attitude would help you to achieve many things. For example, one time I was taking a Math test, I was not thinking positive, I thought I would fail that test and that's what happened. In addition, I had my chance to retake the test and I went with a positive mind and I did it, I pass my test. Positive attitude also helped me to not get stress because I was positive, and I knew I would pass that test. Therefore, a positive attitude can help you in many ways. It makes you think that you are going to pass every test even thought you haven't studied. Second of all, with positive attitude you can achieve many of your goals. Another example, one time when I was trying to get a job I was thinking in a way that I said to myself that I would not get that job. At that time I said that I can do it, That I'm going to get that job because now I have a positive attitude. At that moment when I got that job I felt so happy and my new boss told me that she liked the way that I had a positive attitude and that I was capable for the job. This shows that, a positive attitude can lead you to success. Third of all, some people say that having a positive attitude is not going to guide you to success. They say that even thought you think negatively or positively you can still achieve many of your goals. But, when you think positively, It makes you feel better and confident on what you are doing, because when you think negatively you can feel depress or sad because you don't believe on your self. Also, It can make you feel that you are not capable to, and you would fail. Furthermore, a positive attitude can guide you and walk you threw success. To conclude, a positive attitude can walk you threw success. You can achieve many things, many goals, etc. It helps you to be confident while you are doing something that is hard. It also helps you to believe on your self. For me there were many times that I was thinking negatively, and I didn't achieve many things but now that I have a positive attitude I'm achieving many of my goals, and it makes me fell proud of me. That's why we all have to have a positive attitude.  