Thinking ahead of time of what you want to do after high school before you start high school may or may not be a good idea. For example, it might get you prepared for what classes you can take your first year of high school. Because high school is all about getting good grade and getting the help you need to become what you want to become in life. High school is where you get your real start to your future. And here are some reasons why. Thinking about what you want after high school before you even start could be beneficial to you. For example for some it might come as motivation. As in, they are at a low point in life where things aren't going so great, they could think about what they want tot do and see themselves in the future becoming what they wanted to become. It could even benefit you your first year of high school like picking your classes. You would pick the classes that are most related to the career you want to pursue. Another big thing that is good about looking into what you want to do before high school is the collages as well. Some collages might have the class you need to finish and major in what you are studying for. It is like a head start on one the classes you take in high school, two the rest of your high school years, three the collage you want to get into. But there are always some downs to thinking and or knowing what you want to do before you even get to high school. Such as there might not be a class for what you want to major in. Or you might not be eligible for taking that class, they could be over booked in those classes. There might be mix-ups with your schedule that may cause you not to get the class you wanted. Even when you have your mind set on one thing for your future your opinion may change over time it may even change completely. And it happens to a lot of students. They make up there minds and then maybe weeks later it may change into something else. There are other issues with what you want to do in your future. Some students work full time jobs and it's hard for those students to focus on one goal and keep up with school work, Sometimes even miss school just because of work. If you think about it even after graduating from high school some still work and move on to collage and are still stuck in the mud with work and even harder homework and class work. So don't have a ride to school or even work. Money is a big issue as well. With having to pay for a car or even other life needs you might not be able to get into the collage you want to get into because of how expensive it is. There are student loans, but you still have to pay that back, and sometimes you can be late on payments but then that doubles and no one wants that. High school is where your future really begins. Because if you think about it is where you start learning about where to get your start, how to start, when to start. This is where we as students decide what we want to do in life and where we want to go with it. And if we chose to chance our dream that that's where we end p with hard work and dedication.  