Would be good to that the younger students can be able to go to some schools of the older students, because they can learn how the High Schools goes, and they can learn either what classes they are going to like. When students go to different schools they can talk with their parents to what school looks better and if they liked or not, and he can choose the classes that he wants and talk with their parents if that class is good or not. They are going to be happy because they choose the classes that he have the chance to choose the classes for themselves. Some students have a program that pairs older students with younger students. The older students are available to assist the younger students. Is good that the students go to the schools, but most will be the one's that are in the middle schools for what for nothing is good that the students that are in middle schools they are going to high school because they can talk with the teachers about the class and what is going to be about. Can be good for some students because when gets the time to go to high school they can be sure what is going to be about the classes the chooses and all that stuff. They are going to like because they have the opportunity to choose their classes and for some reason is going to be more fun and the students wants to learn more about what is the teacher talking about because they choose them classes. Sometimes the students don't know what classes they want to take when they go to high school because some students say that is hard to be in high school it is, but you need to think that if you want to do something hard you need to work hard, and you can cue because if you don't try you are not going to do something. Sometimes the students don't like to help themselves but doing this can be helpful for them because they are going to say to themselves" wait but is going to be cool choose my classes ". And they are going to want to choose them classes and they can learn what classes they can choose. They are going to be very happy because they decided to help themselves. They are going to help others students and see what they due and what they are learning. Helping other students is good they don't need to be at school, but I don't like this class what can I do to changed, but I can't change it help them, and they are going to be happy. Always try to help other because they are going to be the future of this world we need to help them find the solution of everything. 