What are people going do if they find themselves in a situation of danger because of meting the wrong person on social media? Nobody would like the idea of being on danger but if we do not know how to manage social media we all are in danger. What are people going to do if they find themselves all alone because they did not take the chance of meting someone new, o because they did not enjoy the little moments with their family? How could someone think that human communication is not necessary? People would not have the chance of having a nice chat with their family or friends. Although some people say that the limitation of human contact due the use of technology has a positive effect because it helps people whit communication problems interact whit other people due social media, actually the limitation of human contact due the use of technology has many negative effects because people miss priceless moments with their family and friends and there is a high risk of meting someone dangerous on social media. People say that the limitation of human contact due the use of technology has a positive effect. This is because they think that it helps people whit communication problems interact whit others due social media. Many studies have showed that social media is very helpful for those people that are insecure of themselves to interact whit others not just from their city but whit people from different places in the world. Technology is advancing, and it is trying to help people whit different needs. In this case technology allows people from everywhere to communicate whit others does not matter the place they are. It is a privilege for the people that are far away from their families. It is also a way that people use to get away from having uncomfortable chats whit people from their surroundings.However, the limitation of human contact due the use of technology has many negative effects. Because people miss the opportunity of having nice moments with their family, their families start to break apart. That's the case of my cousin's family. They were a beautiful family, but everything went apart because my cousin's wife spent most of her time on Facebook, where she found a random guy, so she left my cousin with their three daughters and one son. Social media can destroy families and relationships in seconds, but is our duty to enjoy our time with the people that we love because we show the love that we feel for them and communication by technology can never do that. We do not know if one day the people we love are going to leave, but if they leave we are going to keep those priceless memories on our heart. Family is everything, and we should never let anything get us apart from it. Even if social media allows people from everywhere interact whit each other; there is a high risk of met whit someone dangerous. There are many cases where young ladies have being abducted. This happens when young ladies decide to met boys from social media that result not being what they thought but kidnappers. Those kidnappers' sale the young ladies, and this poor girls are forced to give up on themselves and work as prostitutes. All of this could be avoided if we start to know better about the people near us instead of trying to met someone that we don't know anything about. It's important to recognize that social media have benefits if we know how to use it correctly, but we need to be careful because we have to know other people better before trusting them, and it is even better if we already have had a chat in person with those people. In conclusion the world is constantly changing and technology is an important factor in actuality, but in those cases where technology is used incorrectly many people can get damaged. Technology is not a need but is a benefit, and if we are allowed to use it, we should do it whit responsibility and not depend on from it. In spit of the fact some people believe that technology is more than necessary, and that there is no need of human interaction because it helps people with communication problems, in truth the limitation of human contact due the use of technology has just negative effects because we can experience more than one danger; like losing our family or being forced to a prostitute. Communication in person is necessary, there is no better way of live our life than enjoying the time whit our family, the little chats and of curs taking the opportunity of get to know better each one near us. A computer or a phone can never transmit our feelings, and if people want to express themselves they do not have to be trapped on technology.  