Students Early Graduation you think that finishing the high school in three year helps a student to enter the university or work force one year earlier? As we know education is so important in our life and every one need to get good educate. Therefore, we need to study well to get good grades. It doesn't matter to finish high school in three year or four year. Therefore, students need to be active, hardworking, and patient about the opportunities that school prepare for them.This student who are active in the class and participate in the lessons, they will graduate on time with a good grades that's why they don't need to do these following steps; work force one year, not having elective classes, and taking summer classes. Also, some students by taking serious the home works and completing the class work can rise their score and that helps them to do not fail on the test and no west one more year to study that subject again otherwise by failing it effect badly for their graduation year. I think the best way to solve this problem is to be as a good member of class and participate in schools lessons. Students with hardworking can get good scores in the class and that scores helps them to be a better student in the future. Even I am a student I can say that for sure that you will never lose something by trying hard and sometimes maybe the result will not pleasant, but you should never give up and never lose hopes. For example; the student who never try hard for learning, and they just come to class even they do not pay attention in lessons, this type of student will not pass the exes and in the future they will face with lots of problems like taking classes during summer, not having elective classes. I know a lot of students who just had good score and pass their exams and graduate without any rush.Most student need to be patient about the educational positions because that position could change their hole life. Finishing the high school early is not the point everyone knows that studying well and learning something in the best way is important part of education. Although, high school students are teen, and they have more time, so they don't need to rush for graduating. Also, In my old school I knew a girl who wants to finish the high school sooner because she thinks that the faster you finish, the faster you will be able to start the college but, that was not good idea so she understand it later. Students need to be active, hardworking, and patient about the opportunities that school prepare for them and if they lost these opportunities they will never get it back so, use from the time you have it right now before you lost it.