Should we have to make challenging goals in are life? Every goal that we make in our life is important to do it, even that is not like we thought. Also our goals can affect are live psychology, such as can make us more confident of ourselves. ''The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short;but setting in our aim too low, and achieving our mark." Setting our aim too high and falling short is more important because we feel better knowing that we did our best, and we can discover new things that maybe we never thought to do. First, we feel better knowing that we did our best to make are goals, even that is not at all like we thought. When I was 11 years old, and I used to play soccer, and one of my goal was to win play in a professional soccer team and win trophies, even that I did play for a professional soccer team I won many trophies. Trying to make real the goals that we used to had when we were young make us to feel proud and confident of ourselves because we never get up, always fought to do it. Another reason, when we make our goals, even that maybe we just complete they half of our goals;we discover new things that maybe we did not know that we can make. For example, if my dream was to be a master chef, and I work at place where a cook food to helping homeless. So, I realized that I can make my goal helping other people. When my brother was a kid, his dream was to travel around the world;even that he is pilot and only go to airport, he meet his fiancé in his job. Some people may say that complete only the half of our challenging goals make us disappointed of ourselves because we did not complete. However, complete a challenging goal make us proud of ourselves because we are people who worked really hard, and we discover many things that maybe others will never do. Overall, we learn more doing challenging goals in our life than doing small goals that maybe everyone can do essay. Also, making challenging goals we realize that we are people who want to be successful in our life. In addition, making challenging goals make us in admirable people because not every person decide to make big steps in life.