Imagine schools use cell phones in classrooms for educational purposes, students will not have a hard time to find information on their classes. Schools should not allow students to use cell phones in classroom, this rule is important because cell phones are the distraction, students will have an opportunity to cheat on the test or the exam, and cell phones will cause the laziness, lack of knowledge, and procrastination to students. Certainly, some people think cell phones should be allowed in classroom because students can have a cell phones' break after finishing their test, they can enjoy some entertainments on the cell phones, some students will focus more on education with the musics on their cell phones. Others believe cell phones should be allowed in classroom because students can easily work on the projects, they can search for more information that they do not know much about. Still others argue cell phones should be allowed in classrooms because they will help some foreign students with the dictionary apps on the cell phones. Cell phones also help students in classrooms such as: reviewing notes by playing Kahoot, some games' apps which include school knowledge. However, schools should not allow students to use cell phones in classrooms because they are creating an opportunity for students to cheat on the test or the exam. Students will definitely use the cell phones during the test in classroom if cell phones are allowed. For example, students usually take pictures of the answers and send them to the other students. The second reason of why they cheat is that everything can be easily saved and taken on the little smart cell phones, so why do students have to spend a hard time to study for the test ? They can just easily write down information on their test from the little smart cell phones, so what is the point of education? This rule is definitely unaccepted. Furthermore, schools should not allow students to use cell phones in classrooms because the cell phones are the huge distraction. Imagine everybody is sitting quietly in classroom, and suddenly the little noise is popped up from the cell phone, catches a thousand of people's views. Of course no one likes being distracted but having the cell phones during classes is the huge mistake that causes the bad things to everybody around. For example, some students always play some inappropriate songs very loud while everybody else is taking the test, this situation always happens in every school. The second reason is the person who is with a cell phone, can attract the other one who sits beside, and interrupt other students' business. Finally, schools should not allow students to use cell phones in classroom because they will cause the laziness, lack of knowledge, and procrastination to students. Students will keep messing on their cell phones, and ignoring the education, causing the lack of knowledge. Students will not absorb enough knowledge into their brain because they can just easily search for information on their cell phone without thinking critically of what they are doing. They can have the good results, but actually they have nothing in their brain from school. The more schools allow students to use cell phones, the more they are worsening their students. Cell phones should not be allowed for students to use in classrooms because cell phones are the huge distraction in classrooms, even in other public places, students will have an opportunity to cheat on the test or the exam using the cell phones, and cell phones will cause the laziness, lack of knowledge, and procrastination to students. If the cell phones are allowed in every school, students will not need to go for education because everything is available to use on cell phones. Schools only need the real hardworking, and the real quality from students, not from websites on cell phones. Every school should always have to think critically about the effects of allowing students to use cell phones in classrooms.