I agree with this statement because you are capable of doing anything you want. Just because you have mastered something it does not mean that you can't do anything beyond what you have mastered. Having to master something can be a very big accomplishment to people including myself. Mastering one thing is good but mastering more than one thing is a huge accomplishment. Everyone can go beyond what they have mastered you just have to try and never give up, and you will have mastered anything you want. Mastering something takes time and dedication It's not just something you can do overnight. It might take days, months, years who know how long but at the end pretty sure it will be worth it. There are many things people can be mastered at such as teaching, playing football, etc. Just because you have mastered one thing it does not mean that you should be done mastering other things beyond what you already have mastered. If I were an NFL superstar it does not mean I can't go to school and become a doctor also when you retire you would have something to do. That's an example of what you do to go beyond what you have mastered. Some people are born with skills and for them all they have to do is fully master it. Mastering is a skill that allows you to personally get a hang of what your best interest are. If you want to master something there a variety of ways to do so such as go to college or a camp etc. Mastering something is not very easy it takes time and dedication that's why doctors take approximately 12 years to get the highest degree in becoming a doctor. I strongly agree with author Ralph Waldo Emerson cause if you don't master beyond your intentions you will not grow. This is true because there are many things to do in this world to not be mastered at only one thing. What it means by you will never grow up is because you will stay at the same level Intel you unlock your full potential. This is a great quote for someone who was trying to master one thing in there life but after reading this quote it will help them realize that they can master more than one thing. This is an example on if you become a master at one thing and get lazy you will never grow up because you have only mastered one thing in your life. Life itself is a precious gift and special skills are to so take advantage of it and learn as much as possible. So if you go above and beyond what you have mastered you will be a good and grown person. It's good in life to be good at just more than one thing because it will help you in many ways such as getting jobs or getting in to schools. If you have more than one skill you could do anything you desire in life which is a good thing. That will be all for my S.A.