Creativity comes with great mind! Summer projects can be fun, if only they were chosen by students. If the students were to pick their own projects depending on the subject; they would be interested, more likely to do it, and enjoy as well. Teachers spent a whole summer or a school year coming up with a topic for the students to do during the summer. And, it turns out that the students aren't giving it much though or effort towards their given assignment. That can be waste of the teachers time and energy, but if the students were to come up with a topic and idea of their own they would do the project. If students were to choose their project, they would more likely to do it because its on something they want to learn and their curious. When students are curious they tend to explore their curiosity and be more drawn in the subject and want to learn more about it. Students can come up with great ideas when comes to doing their own projects. Choosing a topic of your interest in a project can explore students mind, and do the things they would never though of doing. The summer project can improve your grades in the class. For example a student that struggles a lot in class either because the cannot keep with pace in class, with summer projects they can work on their own pace. And if students are not great at working in environment full students this gives the chance to do in depended on study. Summer project can give an opportunity for students to increase their greats. If students were to chose their own assignment they could at pace that worked for them, and they wouldn't have to worried about due time date. Students would have the whole summer to finish the project, and if they did not finish it, when they an entire summer to do it, now that's just being lazy, and it can effect their grade. Subject can have a great impact on the student. If student is given an assignment on a certain subject there is a chance they would start procrastinate or not do it at all. Therefore they would have zero interesting on doing the summer assignment. For example if I had a history project and a science project. And if my science teacher were to give me a project to do a research paper on how gene mutate, as interesting that sounds I would not do it because science does not fascinate me as history. Being able to choose a project of your own can be fun that way, it gives a student to look forward to doing their work and be more fascinated it. Students should design their summer project; because that's less work on the teacher, it gives them an opportunity to just think outside their box, and they can make their teachers proud for doing their work, so they can look forward to a better school year.  