Others may think otherwise, Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow. Take Elon Musk for an example, he started out as a young kid who learned how to use computers, but he did not stop there. Once he mastered computers he set higher and higher goals to master until he ended up to be one of the richest man alive. I myself started with just drawing and graphic designing little art projects. Then I started putting higher goals to master. Now I ended up learning how to use most of Adobe's products and doing commissions. Leonardo da Vinci was not just an artist. He was an invented. He invented numerous of things, he had multiple skills. that's because he mastered all of these skills he set higher goals for himself and he achieved them. First example Elon Musk. He was a bright kid. He learned how to use computers at a young age and mastered how to use them. Elon Musk did not stop there, He set higher goals to master. Elon Musk Drastic Grew a lot over the years. For and example he invented PayPal, SpaceX and Tesla. Now he is one of the riches man alive. Second example is myself. I started out with just Drawing and graphic Designing a simple banner for my YouTube channel. Then I started setting higher goals for myself to master. Now I ended up learning how to use most of Adobe's products. Doing commissions for YouTuber's and Esports teams and making money. Last example is Leonardo da Vinci, Leonardo da Vinci was no ordinary artist from the Renaissance Age. What made Leonardo da Vinci Stand out was that he was not a quitter in fact he loved setting higher goals for himself to master. He loved growing, learning and mastering new things. Leonardo was not only an artist he was an inventor a scientist and that why he grew up to be one of many people the biggest inspiration in fact he is my inspiration. Leonardo was not a quite and that's what made him grow up to be special and successful if life. Now others may say that you don't need set higher goals to grow. But I think quite the opposite because if you don't set higher goals for yourself then learning new things and growing new skills would most likely be impossible unless you try to surpass your last achievement therefore you won't be able to grow and be as successful in life. 