Most of the students live with so much stress for study so hard and each time they depress more. They need to take a break sometimes. May breath fresh air and entertain themselves in something that can motivate to follow forward. I agree that students should be required to take one of these classes. It's very important to be creatives in some moment. Taking that type of classes make to students being relaxed forgetting for a moment the problems, helps to lose some fears, and above all they can benefit in their future. Arts in general can help to people who can need a break of all the problems they have every day and thus not live with stress. I have a friend who live with so much stress for every thing he pass. He tries to be the best in all of his classes, but that cause more stress on him. For that reasons, he decides to take one or two free hours every day to relax himself. The best decision he takes was to choose a music class. After he starts to take the class, he told me: "The guitar class is very amusing and interesting. It helps me to forget all the problems that cause me stress. It was the best decision I take." Now I see how my friend is so happy and calm after he starts his guitar class. He changed because he found something that he really likes to do and that helps to be relaxed. The performance class helps students to being more sociable with the others and lose one or more fears. I'm a girl with a lot of fears, but my biggest fear is to talk with others. That fear start to appear with the passing of the years. I was not a timid girl when I was a kid, but little by little I think more in what the rest think about me. That's why I decide to take a drama class. I need to confess that the first classes was very hard for me because I didn't speak with anyone, but with the passing of the days I start to speak with my companions. They were kind to me so that was easier to me to have a conversation with someone. The art classes can be very important to some people because it helps to have a good future. I have a teacher who I always show her my drawings and sculptures because she is my favorite teacher. She is not an art teacher, but I know she appreciates me so much because every time we talk she told me: "Your drawings are so beautiful, in the future you can be a teacher of art or sculpture. I know you are going to have a great future doing what you really likes." I think a lot of what she told me and probably after I finish NOVA I'm applying to some university about art, and maybe I can apply for a grant about art.In conclusion, it's better if students take a music, a drama, or an art class so that can relax and have fun at the same time. Most of the people believe that type of classes should be electives because some students don't like to play an instrument, act, or even drawing. But I think that every student needs to take one of that classes to leave all the stress away. That type of classes are for students to turn on that creative part that they have inside and can have fun, not to being boring and stressing every time. It's good to take a break sometimes.