Allowing students the use of cell phones during class for educational purposes can be a threat, because it might cause an effect on the students' education cycle. Some schools don't allow students the use of electronic devices inside their classroom, because the use of cell phones can be a distraction, and it can also become an addiction for students in school. This idea of letting students use their cell phones in their classrooms might stop the developing of their brain and is going to lead students not to pay attention in class by letting them use their cell phones for special needs in class. However, cell phones have different types of effects worldwide, it can cause people to become slow in their learning and thinking abilities, it can cause vision problems, and it can also be a distraction for everyone. It has been said that seventeen percent of the world's population has increased their thinking and learning abilities and the number are raising by using their phones daily. Students are the future of hundreds of nations, students should be taught with words, books, or by letting them find information inside magazines or finding new words in dictionaries. Some schools don't allow students to take out their electronic devices during class, because schools have computers inside liberties for students to find information when they have permission from their teachers or when they have school work. By letting students use their cell phones in classrooms for educational purposes can cause a big impact in their physical life and also academic. Experts have discovered that ninety-four percent of the students in school use their cell phones to cheat in schoolwork and exams. Most of the students in school struggle in their way to collage or because they didn't use the right method for learning or finding information when they had schoolwork, they didn't develop their thinking ability that at the end it became something hard for them to remaster. This method effects millions of students around the globe when they get out of their education system, this is one of the reasons why a percentage of students struggle in their lifetime when they end their education. In addition, experts have discovered that when teenagers use cell phones in daily routines in a certain amount of time they might experience vision problems, or they can also end up blind, this is all caused by the reflection of the light from their cell phones, this is why experts recommend schools to teach students with books and not to let them use technology because they might experience vision problems at least once in their lifetime. The cell phone use in classrooms for educational purpose can become an addiction or a distraction for students in school or in their life outside school, they can developed a routine when they won't be able to live without their cell phones and sometimes this cell phones addictions guide people to end up getting hit by cars or by getting involve into car crash accidents, because they were too distracted on their cell phones while driving or crossing the streets. In conclusion, schools should not allow students the use of cell phones in their classroom for educational purposes, because all of this might guide students to struggle in their academics, or in their personal life outside school. Students take advantage of the use of cell phones in their classroom, students will use this method to cheat in school. Sometimes this school methods end up taking thousands of lives for being distracted on their cell phones or trying to help students with technology.