Students and their families should consider any activities that they want to get involved in school before getting in. If students get involve in many of them, then they will not have time to do any of their work from school. Not doing work from school will affect their grades, and they also won't be able to participate anymore, for having bad grades. Parents as being the ones giving permission to the student, should talk to the school and ask if it is possible for their kid to not participate in all of them because of the time, and other responsibilities they have. First of all students should talk to their parents before taking any decision, them both need to consider that if the student gets involved in many activities, then they will not have time to do any work from school. If the students spend too much time on the activities, then he/she would not have time for them other responsibilities. The school should make a Union for parents, so they can agree on the terms that the school want. Activities at school should not be controlling, or making the students join so many activities. If the student does not do the school work, then they will have bad grades, that will affect them by not being able to participate anymore in any of the school activities. Students should not be able to participate in more than two activities at school. Because they will get tired a lot, and therefore they will not do their homework. Participating in any of the activities should also be a credit for the students. Schools are responsible for any activity that it is happening in school, they should contact parents, and also have a reunion, so they would get the parents opinions. Parents as being the ones giving permission to the students, should consider any type of activities that the student wants to get involved in. Participating in school it is good for students, but not when they do extraactivities.Some activities should be reuniting with the students after school, and help them with any question they have, or repaying anything that they didn't understand in the class. I think Schools should not control students insolvents. Parents should be the ones residing, and analyzing before allowing their kids join any type of activities in school. Students should not be able to participate in too many activities that would affect their grades. Parents and school should agree on the decisions of whey is going to be better for the students. When students are responsible with their school work, and their activities, they should get extra credit.  