Dear Winston Churchill, I strongly believe that, failure plays a huge role in pursuing success, and I have a personal story and also information to back up my statement "that failing is the key to success". The news article of daily life, had a section dedicated to failing is a key to success, in that portion it talks about how the most successful people in the world had to fail so many times and hardship in that portion of the article it interviews Bill Gates, and he quotes on quote said that "failing thought me that you have to try harder and harder every time you fail in order to successes", and without failing he would not be the CEO of Google. I personally have experienced how failing is the key to success. I started playing football in my freshman year in high school. Furthermore, I was trying so hard to get a starting position on the football team. Furthermore, I was doing awful during team practice, and one day my coach came up to me and told me that I should quit football, and how it was not the right sport for me. So I got cut from the team, but I did not listen to what my coach said to me. I kept practicing over the off season working harder than ever. When sophomore season came up, and we had to go through tryouts in order to make the team. I was doing perfect in the first two days of the tryouts, but then I started doing awful on the third day, and then the coach came up to me on the last day of the tryouts, and told me that I did not make the team. I started feeling really hopeless, but I still did not give up and kept working harder and harder. On my junior season it was time for the football tryouts once again. I started doing perfect, and the coaches were really impressed of what I was capable of doing. Last day of the tryouts the coach came up to me, and told me that he was really proud of me. He was really surprised that I didn't gave up, and after that he told me I made the team as a starting defensive tackle. In conclusion this is why I strongly agree that failing is a key to success, without failure we as human beings would not be able to improve in our day-to-day life. It is because of failing which keeps us successful, and makes us humans work harder for what we want in life. Sincerely, Generic_Name 