CAN WE ACCOMPLISH BY ALWAYS DOING SOMETHING OR NOT DOING SOMETHING Can people accomplish by always doing something? Thomas Jefferson wrote,"Determine never to be idle... It is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing." Do we accomplish more if we are always not doing something productive? No, being inactive won't help accomplish anything just by standing or laying down at home doing nothing. Although, we can accomplish more if we are always doing something. People would learn more things, meet new people to achieve goals in life and how much can be done if we are always doing something. People would learn more things if they are more productive. I remember when my mom signed me up for a soccer team. I didn't know I was going to be joining a soccer team, or wanted to play on the soccer team;however, I did it and I learn how to kick a soccer ball, how to be a golly and I improved my speed. Another example was when I had a vocabulary test for English but I didn't know half of the vocabulary words, so I study till I learned the words. Meeting new people to achieve a goal. I like being an indoor person, but when soccer season comes, and I join a team I interact with new people and coaches to achieve my goals on how to become a better teammate or how I can improve my speed and mentality to become a great soccer player. Another example was when I talked to a new math teacher to help me on an equation I didn't understand. He helped me understand the equation, and helps me every time I need help on something in math now. Imagine how much can be done if we are always doing something. People would be able to accomplish so many goals if we are always doing something instead of staying home and laying down and watch TV all day. When we get some free time we can work on something that would help us in the future and make us think better. Maybe when we think we don't need help, but actually do ask someone to help you to understand more instead of staying with the same mindset. Although, some people maybe don't got that much time to accomplish things. That's why they go inactive but still accomplish their goal on a long term time. Inactivity also can also serve a purpose, depending on the person maybe they don't got money or a transportation vehicle to get to their destination. Although, they can't just do nothing and wait for something good to happen to them. People can accomplish their goals by always doing something that would help them in the future. Thomas Jefferson wrote,''Determine never to be idle... it is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing." People would learn more things, meeting new people to achieve a goal and how much can be done if we are always doing something productive. Although being inactive won't help accomplish anything just by standing or laying down at home doing nothing.  