Generic_Name March 14, 2019Writing Somewhere is one place you would like to visit? I would like to visit Florida because they have really nice weather. Florida is something special to me because I have family in Florida. The place I would visit is my grandfather grave because my grandfather had died last Pareto, begin The reason why I picked Florida is that I have really nice, cool family in Florida. My grandfather had dies last year after he had fallen and hit his head on the ground. He is special to me because if it wasn't for him, I would not be playing soccer right now. Every time I score a goal I always do a celebration for him. I have something valuable of his and that is the gold chain that I got on now that he gave me and I had never taken the chain ever since he gave it to me. I will take off this chain the day I die. I had promised him that I will love soccer forever and go to college to play soccer. The college that I'm going to is Generic_School. The reason why I would like to go to this college is because I had gone there for a scholarship and I had got the scholarship, and they said that I am perfect for my age. Here go some tips if you're not good at soccer you should go outside and practice makes perfect. If you're not good at it, you should try I mean it is really not a hard sport if you think about it. If someone says that you suck let them keep on telling you that for me, I will take that as motivation. The reason why I love soccer so much is because of my grandfather he loved soccer just like me. Everytime I had gone to Florida to go visit family me and my grandfather we would always watch soccer games and tell me some formation to play when I grow up. The favorite things that my grandfather love to do was drawing, playing soccer and teach me some new moves. Every morning we would wake up he will always take me and my brother to waffle house, and we would tell some stories to me and my brother about what he did when he was growing up. When he had fallen and went to the hospital I was not but when my mom face time my aunt he found out that we could not move body shoulders down, and then he had to get some brain surges and all that then the week after all that he had died, and we face timed my aunt, and he prayed on the phone, and we all was crying. I had a soccer game the day after he died, and I had scored 6 goals and every time I had scored I had always kissed my hand and point it up to the sky. After the game I was crying because I was proud of my self that I played a game with all that stress over my shoulders and I said to my self I did that for my grandfather. Then right after the game my mom had come to me and started crying because I told her that I was going to score 6 goals just for my grandfather and I did what I said I was going to do. That night I was praying and telling my grandfather that I had scored 6 goals just for him, and I was saying to my head that I was going to do that more often. My next soccer game I had scored 5 goals but every time I go on the pitch I had always kissed my chain and touched the ground and point at the sky and I still do that today. My soccer game in 2 more weeks and I am going to do what I need to do to take my team to the championship and I will play all my soccer games just for my grandfather. All the soccer games I play they will always be for my grandfather, and he will never forget that and if I have to do anything just to get some goals I will then just for him. When I was in Florida my grandfather had bought me a soccer poster and a soccer jersey of my favorite soccer player. He had got a jersey customize for that say my last name and my favorite which is number 7 and that is my favorite soccer player number to. When I was little he had always sent me some of his drawing and like always write a little back that say I will always love u Mayo and Mayo mean son. When I was 10 years old he came down here to Virginia, and he was visiting, and he will always wake up at 4 o clock in the morning to go for a bike ride and when he came back he had always fixed breakfast for us. In the afternoon he will always 1 v 1 me or my brother in soccer for some money like 10 dollars, but that is if we beat him do. This why I play soccer just because of him. Like when I get frustrated in the soccer game I will always take a deep breath and think about my grandfather and that is what always calm me down when I get frustrated. He had always told me if someone is talking trash always smile because that don't talk the most is the most strong ones in the game and I always tell them look at the score board. Here go the reason why I would like to go to Florida:Family and my grandfather grave. I would like to go to Generic_City studios. Go to the beach and get some nice weather. In conclusion, Where is one place you would like to visit? I would like to visit Florida because Florida have nice weather. Florida is something special to me because I have family down in Florida. The place I would like to visit is my grandfather grave. Another place I would like to visit is Generic_City studios because like your like in a movie because there are people that are dressed up as some characters. Another place I would like to visit is the indoor soccer field and play some soccer there with some family and maybe some new friends if I meet some there.  