Imagine you are in school, and you had to sit an room with four walls. Moreover, you had a frustrating day because of teachers, students and school work. And then you had to stay in that room for another one and a half hour. How would you feel after all of that? Besides, students might not function well, since there is more class time which means more classwork and homework. That is why the school board should not add one and half hour to the school day. First, some students have sports, clubs and many things to do after school. However, they are tired from the school and school work as a result, they will not function right. For example, my friend plays soccer, and she had school for another one and half hour when she went to practice she passed out, since her brain was not function nether were her body. An addition, when students get back from school or sport it will be dark outside. Which is an unfair for students, and it's bad for the students safety. Next, students will not have time to spend with there family members nor there friends because they would have homework and projects to do. Neither will teacher have time to spend with their kids, since they have test to grad and paper work. In the same token, students would not be motive to play or have fun because all they would think about is school. Besides, the students will not have a lot of time to sleep. Furthermore, one day the students will not have the energy to go to school. Similarly, they will become depressed and have a negative mood. And the students might not even want to come to school anymore. Which put the students in a high risk. In conclusion, The school board should not add one and half to the school hours. Students will not function well, since there is more class time which means more class work. Additionally, some students have sports and many things to do after school. However, when the students get back from school or sport it will be dark outside which is bad for the students safety. Moreover, students and teacher will not have time to spend with there family members, nor there friends because they would have homework and projects to do. In the same way, they would not be motive to play or have fun because the students mid will not construe. Lastly, one day the students will not have energy to go to school.