It has been that first impressions are almost impossible to change on your experiences. I agree with this statement for several reasons. I have many experiences, but some are impossible to change. When I came to this country and when I travel with my sister and my friends to Generic_City and my first day in the School. First, when I came to this country. This is my first impression impossible to change. When I was in my country I was happy to came to this country to look my parents and sibling. I leave of my country on October 25, 2015. I was in Guatemala for 15 day. I'm feeling sad, because I don't know who are the other people came in the group. After I was in Mexico for others 10 days. I not eat anything, because I don't like the food that they gave me, also I was for another days in a place called Matamoros is close to the river that with to cross to came to this country. After to cross the river a man of immigration take me to the immigration office, and he starts to call to my parents to ask about my information. I was happy to speak to my parents. My parents pay a ticket to travel to here. I cray of the emotion to see my parents after a few years. Second, I went to Generic_City with my sister and my friends. This is my second experience they is impossible to change. I was happy to share time with my friends and my sister in Generic_City. We wanted to Time Squared. We take many pictures in front of the tower. After we walked to the red stairs we sit there to look anything, and we continued walked to go to the another beautiful places that the City has. Finally, my first impression in my first day in the School. I was happy to go to the School. I'm feeling sad, because when the teacher start to explain something in English I don't know what she said, and I ask my friends that they speak Spanish they start to explain to me what the teacher explain in English. Every day in School I learned something different and I'm feeling happy. Every day when I came to the house after School I speak in English with my little brother than he was born here. He teaches me English sometimes. In conclusion, these are my three impressions that impossible to change in my own experiences. I believe that the experiences that we have in the life are only that never past again is only one time.