One...two...three...START! Identify an enjoyable educational activity such as doing the science fair, singing, playing an instrument and many others. In my opinion, the most enjoyable educational activity is art because it makes me less stressed out, I could find new styles, it could be my future career.First, it makes me less stressed out about everything. Whenever I take a test, I will start to overthink a lot and loose concentration. Most of the time, I will always doodle on my paper because it lets me concentrate more and lose my mind a bit. I mostly take a break whenever I'm taking a test just to calm myself down a bit and doodle. Personally, I took the SOL yesterday and I mostly doodle half of the test because I was overthinking too much. I was stressing out awful yesterday and I just doodled on my paper. I always doodle on my notes, my work, and my test because it's really fun in my opinion. It helps me a lot and make me concentrate more often now by doing a simple thing like doodling. Second, I could find new styles in my art. I am a self-taught artist and I like trying out new styles. It's very interesting sometimes and very fun to do. It may be really complex for me, but I still try my best to get the hang of it. In my opinion, it is really creative, and may also show your feelings about life. I could draw how it's like to be scared of the dark or being scared of heights. One of my friends have sleep paralysis and most of the time she draws about how it feels like to have sleep paralysis. It is very amusing to me and interesting because it can tell a story about my life. Additionally, it could be my future career. Since drawing is my favorite thing to do in life it could be easy for me to get a job that deals with art. There are many art programs in college, and I'm mostly interested in doing animation. Animation is very complex sometimes depending on what type of animation am I doing. There are two main types of animation, 2D and 3D animation. 2D animation is more like a picture and many cartoons use 2D animation. 3D animation is more realistic, and it's a lot more complex than 2D because you have to model objects, humans and many others that I could add. 2D animation is more like just drawing on a piece of paper while on the other hand, 3D I had to mostly use a program for to just do 3D animation. Most of the time it is hard to find a job that you want, and it takes time and hard work to get it. Mostly my future job would be an animator since I've drawn so much in my life. I love doing art because it makes me less stress out about everything, I could find new styles in art, and it could be my future career. Art is mostly my favorite enjoyable educational activity in school and many other places. It is very enjoyable in my opinion, and it really helps me through tough times in life. It could be very hard sometimes, but it is still fun to do.