School should not extend the school days more than eight hours. Some people think that spending more time at school would be a good idea because students would have more time to study. Others think that 8 hours of school time is enough time to study every day. This is a controversial issue and school time should not be too much. This change would affect students and teachers because some students have part-time jobs, students would not have enough time to do their daily activities with friends and family, teachers and students would be tired by the end of the day, and they would not do good. Some students have part-time jobs, and they take some rest before going to work after school. Some students go to work right away after every school to get out early and do their homework after. By adding two hours a to the school schedule would make students who have job work till late. Even though some students need to work as much time as they can to help their families or pay something they are trying to buy. Some of these students would be also constantly tired of spending too much time at school and then going to work. Another reason why school days should only be eight hours long and not ten is because students would not have enough time to do their daily activities. Students hang out with family and friends. Some students are part of a sport team, and they have to have time to go practice. Even some students help their family to either clean or any other thing that has to be done at home. Some students have to take care of their little siblings after school because their parent have to go shopping or work. Students also need to do what they like and by doing that they would be more active. Another reason is that teachers and students would be tired by the end of a ten hours school day, and they would not do good. Some students are already tired in the 4th hour of school. Some students do not want to do their work in the last class and some fall sleep even in an eight hours school day. Even teachers would get tired of being teaching and grading papers all day long. When it comes to a history teacher they have to talk a lot in every class, and they get tired. By making every school day 10 hours long would put too much pressure to students and teachers that they would be exhausted by the end of the day that they would not be able to pay attention in their work. School itself it is hard sometimes but working and studding is even iller and those who work and study at the same time often need time to get things done, and by spending too much time in just one thing can affect the other. Every one has personal things and activities to do and some require certain among of time. Studying and teaching requires focus and creativity but when students and teachers get tired all that is missing.