National park is a wonderful place for kids and adults to spend the outdoors with friends, pets, and family. Their are fun activities all over the park, we have board games, toys, picnic, sports, and other cool thing all around the park. We also have a donation to feed the homeless people, if you donate to people in need we will give you exclusive T-shirts for helping the people in need of your help. An example is if you are bored sitting at your house all day long, so come on down to our amazing national park to come and joy the sweet fun. We can also have a game of soccer of two team that will go against one another, and who ever team win the game, we will give them the prize at the end of the day. We will also have a boy vs girls, game, on game called toggle war, witch do you guys think who will win boy, or girls come on down and see for you're self to see who is better. Furthermore, we also provide a pie eating challenge to see who will claim the belt of March 21, 2019. Friends and family can enjoy all day long at the national park into March 21, to March 29, 2019. March 22nd, is when we will have chess war, and buy two, get one free ice cream. On March 23, is when we will go out as group to play a game of teamwork twenty teams going against each other on a race for about three hours of your time, it will cost you ten bucks each per person. On March 24, is when we will give a donation to help that are being for help, so they can stay alive into the next day by day, so please come down help our world be in peace so can all have a better future ahead of us. March 25, we will have a brand-new adoption enter for dogs that need a happy family to stay with, or they will never get to be seen into how long it can take for the poor little guy. On March 26, is where we are going to clean the town where we live in to make the world in a better place. We will also be glad if we can get over hundred more people to come and help in the way down for our big town in need of you're nice work. March 27, is where we can be in all together as a whole family to party for our great work of cleaning, donations, and adopting over hundred dogs in one day. March 29, is the last day to have a wonderful day to be outside where we will have give away for people who was with us all day long. Community park is where we are getting a sign-up for different clubs all over the world. A wonderful place for kids and adults to spend the outdoors with friends, pets, and family. Their are fun activities all over the park, we have board games, toys, picnic, sports, and other cool thing all around the park. State park will have a fun adv angers all over the state. A wonderful place for kids and adults to spend the outdoors with friends, pets, and family. Their are fun activities all over the park, we have board games, toys, picnic, sports, and other cool thing all around the park. We also have a donation to feed the homeless people, if you donate to people in need we will give you exclusive T-shirts for helping the people in need of your help.