The school food should change because a lot of students they did not like it and many students feel sick when they eat school food and many students skip their lunch to go and buy food from stores if schools provides the same food for student many students will leave class and learn they will not lean anything for being late in the class and more. The school lunch should to be healthier for student to eat. Otherwise, many students will not go to their class or lunch because they skip class to go buy food. Many students at my school argue that the food should change. And others student say the food should stay the same because they like it and it is healthier for them. For example one day at my school students got into agreement saying that they are happy with the school menus that they have this why many students do not skip classes. Other students may not like the idea of changing because they think the new change will worst then they have. If schools change to healthier food for students many students will be in the class to learn and stop thinking about skiing class to go buy food. For example one of my classmate always goes out to from school during class to buy food and I ask him why he said the school food are not good enough for him and those the problem he skips class to go to buy food. Changing school food will be good idea and also bad because same students want same food they have now day but other want change and those where all arguing start. The good way to make students happy about is to keep the one they most like and get ruined of the one they do not like. Some may argue that changing school menu would be bad idea because the new menu would be something that the students may not like to do or not healthier for them. Other people think that many students get sick when they eat school food and many students are not learning, and they do not go to classes in time, or they skip same periods. In my idea I think changing school menu would be good idea because the menus that school provides are not healthier and same of them are not good for our bodies. The best way to provides healthy food for student is change the menu that most students heat. To summarize, the main reason to change school menus is there are many students agree with the idea and there is same who disagree about changing the school menu. I think good way to solve this problem is they have to keep the menu they already have and students like to eat most. And change for those who agree with the idea. Otherwise, it will clause same problem for school principal.