Do you agree with Churchill's statement about the important role that failure plays in the pursuit of success? If the statement about the role that failure plays in the pursuit of success, it could help people to do better things. People can have a better future. Also people can feel more positive. First, people can do better things. For example, my cousin Generic_Name had a soccer game at Generic_City, she and her team was talking about how they will need to play on the field, they needed to play better than the other games because the team that she was going to play against is one of the best teams that plays on that field and also her team needed to have more goals scores to keep being on the list so the can win the championship, so when they started to play they are playing like they planned it before the game and at the end of the game they won and everyone was happy because they never thought that they are going to have the chance to win that team, but they never give up. Next, people can have a better future. For example, my parents after they got married they always wanted to have a better future for them and for all there kids they are going to have, so both of them was planning to cross the board from Mexico to the United States, so after a week they finally cross the board, and they are living with my grandma, when my dad started working after a couple of months my dad bought a new house, and they started to live there, then they were saving money to buy more stuffs because they are going to need to buy a lot of things like: beds, clothes, shoes, table, chairs, etc. After some years they finally got everything they needed, and they had two kids and finally got to know that they will have a better future. Last, people can feel more positive. For example, when my cousin talk to her coach about that I wanted to be in a team of soccer, the coach called me and told me that he wanted me to play soccer with his team the next weekend, but before that I told him that I was not that good at playing soccer, and he told me that I will learn easier and faster if I go to practices, so when I went to my first game I was so nervous about that I was not going to play good as the other girls do, and I did not want them feel bad if we lose for my fault, but I kept playing, and I never thought that at my first game I was going to make a goal, but overall I kept going from failure to failure and never loss my enthusiasm and that is one of the reasons that helped me feel more positive of myself. In conclusion, I believe that going to failure will not lose the enthusiasm, at the same time it could be one of the betters reasons by making people do things better, make people have a better future, and also people can feel positive by them self.