In today's society, many people agree that having a simple goal and achieving it is better than having a huge goal and failing to achieve it, but I disagree. One of the greatest artists, Michelangelo, said that setting our aim too low and achieving it is a great danger for some of us. He stated this thought because he failed and made mistakes before he was known as a great artist. Michelangelo rather fail by doing something big than his life than doing something small and achieving it. I agree with Michelangelo because you learn from past mistakes, you learn to take risks, and having bigger goals help you improve one's self. Michelangelo is a great artist because of his work, but he learned from his own work to keep moving forward. People can learn from past mistakes by seeing what went wrong and practice doing better at it; for example, in a show calledMasterchef, chefs must impress the judges by their skills in cooking, but one chef gets eliminated every episode. When a chef gets eliminated their dreams may get crushed, but they had the courage to go on and did their best and can learn what they did wrong. Another example is taking the permit test as a teenager. The permit test is something big for teens since it is something related to their future. When I took the test I was nervous and failed by one question, but I checked the answers I got wrong and studied them a bit more and passed the next time I took it. These examples prove that you have the ability to learn from past mistakes, grow as a person, and that you might have to take risks in doing so. Taking risks are mostly involved in big decisions that involve jobs, education, etc. I believe that taking risks are better than small decisions even if those risks don't turn out the way you wanted them too. In a show called Shark Tank, people come in to persuade investors to invest in their products, but they do not always succeed. The people who do not get investments keep moving forward and take their own risks to get an investor. If you learn to take risks, you later get use to it, and you can speak more in front of people and state your opinion. Another example is having a meeting for a job. It is best to have a meeting in person than online because it is not as easy, so you get challenged and the person interviewing can know you better, and you can most likely get the position. Taking risks can make you a better person as a whole and those mistakes can help you improve. Michelangelo and I agree that having a bigger goal and failing is better than having a small goal and achieving it. Having a bigger goal can increase your confidence and help you put your head in the task you want to overcome. People view their mistakes and overcome it, so they can do better next time. Small goals do not involve much effort and work as bigger achievements; by choosing to accomplish a simple task, you as a person may get use to the easy way out and can get lazy over time. Setting a higher aim for yourself is better because you can improve your skills and knowledge. Bigger goals are better because of how much they help you improve. A great artist once said it is great danger setting a small aim for yourself. Setting a bigger aim and failing is best because you learn from your mistakes, you learn to take risks, and bigger goals help improve one's self. Smaller aims are a scapegoat compared to bigger aims because of how much easier they are. It is best to challenge yourself so that you are ready for anything that comes your way. Even if you take the high route and fail, it does not mean you can try again. In conclusion, setting a bigger aim and failing is alright and better than setting a small aim due to it being easier.