What if I have been asked to share a lesson with elementary school students example. My lesson will be about what they want to be when they grow up. And how will they make that become true? One reason that this is important is because students need to know what they want to be and what they want to do when they grow up so when they go to school every day they know what they are working hard for. For example when they go to school they are going to be thinking about why they are in school for and how can they make their dream become true. Another example is that they are going to be ready because they all ready know what they want because every day they went to school, and they ask them self what do I want for my family? , what do I want for my life ? Why am I doing this for ?. They will not forget why they are in school for because they will have a goal for school. Another lesson I will tell them is that they need to do their best in school because when they grow up they will need it on an everyday life. A reason why they have to try their best in school is because when you grow up you will need it for everything you will need math, reading, writing and more. One example is that when you go to pay a bill you will need to know how much you need and how did it add up to all that amount of money, and you will know how to because you went to school, and you tried your best everyday you went. Another example is that everywhere you go you will need to read. This is why elementary school students need to know what they want to be when they grow up and why is important to go to school. And is important that they have good friends that will keep them going and to cheer them up because they might feel lonely and is not perfect for them and everyone needs a friend that will help you when you need it and do let bad friends make you do bad things, and you know what is good and what is bad. If you tell elementary school students what they have to do when they are small they will be better people in the world. Because some people don't take it for real, but maybe they will be better and take it more serous. This is why is important this lesson for everyone.