What's one place you would love to visit? One place I would like to visit is Ethiopia. I would want to visit Ethiopia because I haven't visited in over three years. Secondly, most of my family members live in Ethiopia. Finally, Once I arrive I would want to talk to my family members go eat Ethiopian food with them and cherish that moment forever. I would want to visit Ethiopia because I haven't visited in over three years, lots of things has changed from then to now. But those past couple of years in Ethiopia wasn't the best for people who live there or who has family there. For Example my grandpa died a couple of days after my 11th birthday and even though I didn't cry, scream, or kick that day or the day after that, it made a horrible impact on my life and my mothers. Secondly, There was a plane crash this year, more than 200 people were affected and one out of those 200 people happened to be one of my close friends. In addition to that there was a war a couple of months ago that I didn't know about till a friend came up to me and said "How do you feel about the war that's going on in Ethiopia" I didn't know what to say because I had no clue that there was a war I felt ashamed that I didn't know what was going on in my own country. I've lost a lot of people I've cared about those past three years and I couldn't do anything about it because I was a million miles away. Secondly, most of my family members live in Ethiopia. I hate having to talk to them on the phone and not being able to hug or see them in person, I hate having only 30 minutes to talk on the phone when I can talk to my relatives for hours in person, I hate how I am paying two dollars everyday just to talk to them when we can talk for free in person. Since I haven't seen my family members in a long time I feel like I have an obligation to see them. I can get them small things from America and bring it to them, they can sell it to get lots of money because one dollar here is $30 there, or they can keep it and cherish it. Finally, Once I arrive I would want to talk to my family members, go eat Ethiopian food with them, and cherish that moment forever. I would go on long car rides because it would make some time for me and my family members to just sit and talk and have nowhere to go. We can go to the zoo since I never went, and I would love to bond with my family members especially if It's somewhere I never went before. My family members and I could have a cook out, or I can just sleep over a friends house. In conclusion, I would love to visit Ethiopia because my family and friends are there since I've missed so much while I was in America. I'd love to breathe the fresh air and eat the fresh food my grandma makes. Plus I would love to run around the backyard with my friends.