As my opinion I disagree because "you could be someone beyond the world" if you are positive of yourself. You could take a risk of many things you want to do in life and become something wonderful of it. You can graduate and became someone you wanted to, that's growing masterly of no matter how many times you have try but where has got you. Be a person with so many mistakes, but the also is going to learn from them and, you will still come back up and start trying again. If you have done so many things, and you still feel like no other person is going to appreciate of the things you have done, and then you feel like there's nothing that you could do that could be good enough for nobody. Don't stop trying to do not ever make yourself feel like you have to do things for other people just be great how you are with or without mistakes you could be wonderful and make yourself happy and proud of them. In life there's so many responsibilities you have to take care of and no matter what does responsibilities are you still take care of them you don't give up because if you do you wouldn't be able to go to school and becoming someone in life you wouldn't be able to eat you wouldn't be able to work or to do many things but you stills do them because you have to and because you do become someone out of them you become a person that graduates a person that works every day to put food in the table a person that after words it's going to be proud for they have done and that is always good enough and that you grow every day from it. You could become a person that could afford a car with nobody asking help, and you grow every day with or without people because you are strong like that. there's another step where family comes along, and you got to be able to take care of your family you got to get your family food you have to get then clothes you have to get them shoes you have to get them the most important things they need, and you still get your family out of any circumstances you still get up every morning to get your money and help your family or each other up, and you still grow from not just growing from it, but you also get to know how something people get to appreciate what you really do for them. Honestly you grow of some many ways you didn't have no idea you could, but you still get through it.be someone in life is about growing little things you have left out to make them bigger. Believing in yourself is always something that is going to help you to a positive person. Making good choices in your life is another part of you not just because sometimes you learn from them or where they could take you but how you get when you learn from your bad choices and how sometimes you react, and you say to your self that you just want for your self to do good things.Don't ever in your life say that your things are never worth of any tries you have made because the're really are worth of every single part of your life there are steps you always take. If you want to be a great person don't thought of yourself you know you could do it you could grow of it other people would love so any wonder things and person you really are. Being positive of your self is the most amazing thing you could do like for example you could be positive and just be like I will pass a test or I will pass, but you are just being positive that you are sure you could do it because not you only are positive of yourself you are also showing that you could believe that you can do it. Being organist with your self is less stress full because you don't got worry about get so many things out of your way the same day. Happy is showing everybody that no matter they think about you, you don't pay any attention to them even if you have tried your best to become friends, and it still not even working out so you just gotta leave the person and just let it be you just gotta show the person that you did try and if for that person your friendship wasn't good enough then don't bother. Unless you really don't try at all you will never grow even if you have put your best effort your best part you will grow and become a person that others are just going to admiral you. Could you really learn from life yes!! You can be aware of it but hey!! We are not perfect anybody was born perfect we can make as many mistakes we can, or we could be the greats but no there's nobody perfect that could tell you that you can't do something when you know more than anybody else that you can and that you are not perfect. It doesn't matter how people make you feel at the end of the day it would only be you and your family and the effort to put on the things you want to become the best not perfect but the best. Sometimes is just matter of time for you to really tell yourself that you could try your hardest and not give because life is not about just being a complete fail nope you could tell yourself you can do it because you got it."BE SOMEONE BEYOND OF OTHERS CUZ YOU GOT IT"