Imagine getting a job that you're most interested and enjoys the most that later on life, you became super rich or making decent money but doesn't mind as long as you enjoy it and still continuing on. Life can be hard if people don't enjoy their jobs, causing them to have depression. That is why, students should select to visit and learn about the work that interests them because, it gives them more time to think, making plans for their future, and to gain experience throughout the school years. Students should be planning for their future and to decide which class to take in order for them to learn about the work that interests them. Many students have successfully acquired the jobs they intended to work because of how much work they put into to plan and learning the stuff they need to know on how to run the job. Planning is really important for all of our lives. For example, the military uses a plan and tactics in order for them to calculate and for the plan to be successful. Because of that, planning has a big impact in our lives and helps us to decide on what jobs to do and to give us the time to think. This way we can understand the situation and whether if the people and their families to decide if it's a good idea. Students can gain little experience by taking the class every each year, this way students can learn more about the Jobs they want to be in. For example, ROTC are similar to military but trained to be a marching man and to juggle with rifle (from what I know of). They exist because, it helps students to understand what It's like for them to experience ROTC. I also think this is very important. It's like, warming up for a swimming contest but, how can you win if you don't know how to swim? Swimming class exist to help people to not drown. If you take swimming class every year, and gain a bit of experience, you will be able to win the swimming contest. All this reason is to proof of why gaining experience is a good thing and help you understand the job you wanted to apply for. Giving students the time to think on what jobs their most interested on is also very important for this prompt. For example, students need time to think whether if it's the right class for them. Every year in high school students are required to pick three choice to pick their class. It is called the Course Election, where students get to pick three class that are interesting for them or forced to pick because it is a requirement. I really like this idea, it helps us understand what we're interested on and what to learn. I think three years is enough for students to plan and to have a little experience for their future. In conclusion, student are more successful if they are to be picked for themselves instead of the school choosing for them, because the more they like the class and the job they are going for, the harder they will try to succeed.