I think that success, are composed by failures, but not for everyone. Success are for a better life, but to have a better life there will always be complicated things(FAILURES), that may be you will want to stop doing that thing that is going to help you to succeed. The important role of failures on success is that, if you don't fail once you will not learn; failures plays that important part in success, learn is based on what you did wrong, I am saying based on wrong because If you did something wrong before, you learn that part, What do you do wrong? And next in the future you already know what you did wrong, and now you will make it right. Now, sometimes we give up so easy on what we want or on what we are fighting for, some loss the enthusiasm for the success and others not, I agree with that, some think different and if you think different about the failures It's going to help you to make that success. I'll say, once my aunt told me "Believe in what you can do, and not in what you can fail on", she hasn't give up on what she can achieve in her life. For example, I'm from Generic_City and all my family are Hispanic, and our home language is Spanish, and speaking English it's not easy for me, but I never thought that I was going to be able to speak it. I told myself that everything its possible in life, you were born for a purpose, not just because your mom wanted you to be born. There was a time, I got stress, anxiety and depression. I was failing in school and I felt so sick that I was giving up so easy and fast. Failure comes one after one, and after one, that I told myself "You are going to be okay, and you are going to do what you like and succeed and make your parents feel proud of you". I started to think positive, and do the things right, nothing last forever, I got rid of my depression but still with stress and anxiety, but from there to now it doesn't mean anything for me. Failures can cause a lot of things like, feel hopeless, loss enthusiasm and giving up so easy for those who are weak, but if you are strong enough to believe that you are going to make it you will make it, you are going to have your levels of hope, enthusiasm and faith high that nothing will stop you to succeed. Failures are more challenges added to your life, to be in the top of the mountain you should hike until you can see the ocean behind the mountain. There will be more than failures, there will be big obstacles and sometimes people will put traps in your path. Some people will just want to see you fail in the field and some will be happy to see you in the top of the mountain. Some people fail in their path because they don't understand the meaning of the failures. In conclusion, I agree with the idea that Success consist of going from failure to failure, even if you lost your hopes or enthusiasm you got to keep going in your goal to succeed. More than 50% of people, I will guess, fight for their future they put all their effort to succeed and if they can, we can. Failures come as a good parts of success to set it down and success in life.