The main piece to improve your skills is during the process of keep learning. Most of the people got to the point where they become successful, thinking that they have the sufficient knowledge to stay where they are and not move forward. The most common mistake that someone can make is believe that they have learn enough to the point where is nothing else to learn. I strongly agree with the words that Author Ralph Waldo Emerson wrote, people that have got the title of professional and keep being successful in their daily are the ones that are still adding productive information to their life and career. The actual key that makes people become professionals every day and give them the recognition of master is through the process of keep learning new things. Convince yourself that you are not good enough "Yet" this to motivate you to believe that you need to learn more. Examples that we can see every day, teen mothers when a young girl or even in some cases girls that are still considering a kid have to be each to be a mother. Teen mothers learn through the pregnancy to; take care of the baby, change diapers, give appropriate food and how give them bath. The process of being a mother for the first time, does not end when you give birth to the baby. There is not a book where it details you how to take care of your child, even if there is one it would probably not be as helpful as you're learning each day. If there were a class of "How to be a mother for the first time if you are a teen" it would not cover all the expectations that you baby requires because you will be the only one that knows your baby, its behavior and what its needs are. Even adult mothers have said that they keep learning how to be mother every day. Do not push back yourself because you seem to be far away from your objective. If you have been studying for years, since first grade and still have to go to a University, it could make you think if it would be necessary those extra years. The answer is yes, even if you have been in school for about 10 years and still have to go to college to get you the information that you need to be able to get a decent job, yes it is necessary. The years when you have been taking classes that does not look that t would help you in the future in any way. They do have a purpose, and it is to inform you and help you to develop skills that have not been discovered, whether you like math, history, science or languages. Any subject that you have learn is to help you find what you really like and how you can be used for the future. That is why there are those extra years for college, to start to focus on your objective and teach you what you actually need to become successful. After you have got the extra years, does not mean your learning have also stopped, when you get to practice for the career you have selected you keep developing your skills and growing as a person, and this because of the motivation of keep going beyond of what you already manage. Going beyond your expectations as a person would bring you benefit to your life. If you get a job based on your skills, experiences or knowledge it would also require the same process of keep learning. If you got the job where you always wanted, and they approved you to work there because you qualify, and you have studied the career for years does not specific mean you know everything and you would directly get to the work and lead yourself to become another worker. Like always and how the Author Ralph Emerson emphasizes you would have to keep trying new material. You have experienced the process to gather the sufficient information to get this job, but now you are being told to go beyond, and now you need to learn the system of the factory, office, building, hospital or any apartment you have being positioned. In this case does not mandatory need to keep educating yourself, but to improve in your work and become an efficient person you need to keep learning new skill that would apply to your job. Like is being remarked again the importance of keep learning to do new things, so you can grow. The importance of always going forward and learn to manage new things will make you grow as a person in your life and improve the labor work. If you do not try anything new and do not apply on your daily, do not expect to become successful as a person. You are the only one that knows how to lead yourself and what weakness and strengths you have, as a captain of your life you know where your boat should go, the wind could make you take different directions which is why you have to recognize where exactly your destination is. The fact it seems that you have got far enough where you might feel afraid to go beyond, which could ruin what you already have does not mean it will. People argue that they are scared to keep going forward and decide to just stay stand where they are because is being far enough. You should not let yourself be the obstacle to keep learning new things to do. If you feel like that was enough, and you got to where you stay, it is because you can go fatter with the experience that you have. Do not stay in one point and make sure to keep walking and doing new stuff to help you grow, do something new every day and prove yourself that you have become a successful person every time you go a step ahead. Keep growing to encourage yourself and others to keep doing something new and always going in different direction without stopping.