Do you think the greatest accomplishment in the world is to be yourself in a world that is trying to change the person you are?, because I do not think people should change themselves ever for what god brought us in the world for who we are and not changing ourselves for others. So yes, I agree with Emerson statement about individuality, because people in this world are trying to change themself for others or just changing themself because they don't like themself for who they are. There are so many reasons why I agree with this statement especially in today's society that most people in this world are changing themself for someone else. I don't agree that people have the courage to change for others, because in any case they should just be teasels and love them for who they are, is the greatest accomplishment and feeling ever. It is the greatest accomplishment because of the feeling that you loved yourself and succeeded without someone bringing you down and making you change yourself is the best feeling to feel. Otherwise, the people who are trying to bring you down are winning, and you are giving them the power that they should not have. In today's generation with all the social media we have people that have been rude and comment something bad to make you feel bad about yourself and then some people change themselves just because of a comment that could hurt someone. But if you can succeed people will leave you alone, because they know you will not listen to the rude comments you would receive and there just wasting there time. So then you have the power and accomplished the negativity that people are trying to change yourself. Also being yourself does not mean you won't have mistakes because everyone does and that is okay just without you changing yourself and accomplishing thing is the best part of life. It is okay to have mistakes because everyone learns from them and next thing they will do better than the last time they did something bad or had a mistake. People will go through tough times, but it does not mean you should automatically change yourself for that. Everyone goes threw a situation that they probably think they hate themselves and want to change the person they are, but I think that is wrong, and they should be teasels and understand that everything will be alright at the end without them trying to change themself. In my opinion I do not think that changing yourself will help with anything and I think it would probably make things worst. Like for an example if you change yourself nothing is gonna happened just you're letting yourself down and changing who you are that should not have been in that situation. Also people would most likely notice and ask why you change yourself and that would bring back memories and make you go back in time and see why you change yourself. But if you don't change yourself no one would know and won't bring up any badly past back memories. Also mistakes can happened and if you change yourself and go back and see old pictures of you of how you used to be you might not like for who you are now, and you can't go back because you change yourself for someone you did not want to be I mean you could always try but why try after you did it and can't go back. So just be you and do not change for others who are constantly trying to make you something else who it isn't you. It is such an amazing feeling and more people in this world would be great if they wouldn't change for someone else because they would get the confidence and not worrying about what others have to say about them. People would most likely be so positive if they would be themselves and not changing constantly or ever themself for people who are ignorant. People who love you would never say to change the person you are because that is just wrong, and they know that they would not want to lose you as the person you are. So in all saying that everyone should not change and be themself in a world that is constantly trying to change them. 