Do you think we should extend our school day? No, I think we shouldn't extend the time because we already get enough learning and our classes are long. I also don't think we should extend the time because we will be getting out of school later. If we extend the time then we could be very exhausted during the school day. This could also be very difficult for the bus drivers because they will be getting home extremely late, and it will be dark when they are driving the kids home back from school. We get enough time in school already, so there is no need to add more time the school day. We learn enough in every class, and we learn everything that we need to learn in that hour and a half. Furthermore, we learn what we have to learn and if we add time the teachers won't really know what to do. I think we understand that they are saying, and we understand the concept they are teaching us. The school day would be way longer for elementary kids. I don't think it's fair for elementary because they stay in their classes the entire day. It would be very boring because they are going to be sitting there for eight and a half hour. It would be very bring for them, because they don't get to switch classes like middle and high school. They should also have some fun during the school day they shouldn't just sit there and high school and middle school at least get to move around while they are switching classes. They really can't do anything after school is done. If we extend the time in school we will be at school later. Kids will be tired the next day because they won't get home until the evening. They won't pay attention to class because they didn't get enough sleep, and they will not be paying close attention to what the teacher is saying because the class it too long. We will also be getting home late. Elementary kids will be getting home around 5:00pm. They won't be able to do many activities after school because they are getting home late. When they get home they will have to eat, shower, and go to sleep because they have school the next day, and they deserve some fun. High school kids wake up around 5:00am and they will be at school for eight hours and then they will go home and do their homework. They will be tired because they don't get enough sleep, and they have to wake up very early. They also can't do activities because of the homework they have and how early they have to wake up and the time they get out of school. Furthermore, they will get home late, and they can't do much because they will have to focus on homework and school. Extending the time could be harder for bus drivers. Bus drivers need enough sleep so that they can drive the students safely to school. Sleep is the most important, and you should get at least eight hours of sleep, and that can't be possible for bus drivers because they will get home late. They all need to rest good so that they can be wide awake. If they don't get enough sleep this could lead to crashes. Crashes could happen if it's too dark and the bus drivers can't see outside. Elementary students would be getting out, out around 5:00pm and around that time it will start to get dark, and it isn't good for bus drivers, because they can't see if they are somewhere very dark. They also won't get to see their family as much anymore and spend time with them. They need to spend time with their family it is important to spend time with them. If they get home around eight then they will get to spend very little time with them. They have to go to sleep early because they need to wake up on time. Crashes aren't good because the parents can sue the county and that will be the counties fault because it was dark outside and maybe the bus driver couldn't really see outside. I disagree with adding one and a half hour to the school day. I think seven hours is enough time for a school day and to learn all the materials that we need to know. What do you think should we add one and a half hour to our school day?  