I disagree, because it's true the first impression in a persons the most important when knowing an other's. As humans depends on other's for the survivor;ours characteristics are for genetic of it's way. For this to treat the way of to attach in a group of people. Some people thinking that no it's necessary because, no we depends on the opinion of the peoples or the world, for the opponent each person have the different way of interact, each person have a different way of think, personality,character, and the way of to act. The stereotype's of the society of base in the system of that each person of the world is different not all are same and that each individual have been world, the place were they it's felling better and comfortable. Respect the opinion and the intimacy of the people.In exchange for other people have an idea different...in a new job, in the university, and place's important's of any place;we obligation of the respectful and amiability. The people have the capacity to be good and refined, the impression of the people duty of be always of the better. A manager to the to contract a people have that to see the personality of are people for know that is the person the found for the place of work. In my opinion, I believed that all having different way's of to be. And depends on as to that a other's people... We are people that wrong, in a household where are teacher values where are teacher that ours impression duty to be the most important, but not impressing the first time is the better. Something we do it error's but learn a change and a BS different, change the bad things that did. Can change;maybe no now but with the time and us way of thinking, we having the possible of do. Generic_Name have a different personality, and character, I think that my character no it's the best for it reason I need change not a knows this part of me, but I know that my impression depend on my values and my decision of be better. In the society that I to found, I know my impression not an all people to it to gratify but duty dependency of be better and that my impression depend on me and not of the other people. In conclusion, the impression and the actual society;it's important in different factor's: the job, the school and place where I found, but duty understood that allied different's ans something we do mistakes and something we have bad day’s and ours characters not are a good impression, but I can change, are humans and to do mistakes but the better that can do as humans is accepted us mistake and change.