Would you like someone deciding what's best for you or take matter into your own hands? Well in my opinion people should make their own decisions because they can decide how they want things and what makes them happy in their own way even though some would argue that, people should seek guidance from experts and authorities because sometimes they know what's best for us and our own health. Yes, sometimes when you seek for guidance they help you out a lot and lead you to the right path. They also, help you find what's happy but it's not like if you're doing it because you want your just doing it to better yourself and you're not doing what you want your doing what your told. Deciding what u want probably is what's best since your going at your own paste, you're taking it how you want. you're going at your own paste with things. Also, no one can stop you from doing what you believe is best for you. You can find your own ways to cope with things without anyone telling you otherwise. Going at your own pace is better than getting rushed, doing what you don't want, and doing what your told even. However, getting help pushes you to do it better. Seeking guidance isn't bad at all either you get the help you need, you get that push forward to bettering yourself. Sometimes in life there are moments where your not your best help, and you need a hand. There's nothing ever wrong with getting a little help. You sometimes need a hand to understand your values to get to recognize them and meet them. We all have different life matters because we all don't care about the same thing. We all care about different things. Your life important matters are valuable and there is something that only you can decide on not anyone else. Sure, our values all are different in every type of way that's the reason to why we should decide on our own why our life matters are important. that's why in my opinion people should make their own decisions, find out there matters, what there good at and what the things that they value are.