I would like to visit an engineering work place, or company. I would like to learn all about planning how do build something, and to they come up with good building ideas. What is the hardest part that an engineer has to take very series?. If I was able to do visit one of these companies I would get very happy. My mom told me that this is a good job, but it's a risk that people that want to have this job have to take in order do get pay very well. One of my teacher in Generic_School his dad was an engineer he told me that his dad didn't like math because it was too hard, but he got a job with the engineering company and he is good checks. This teacher that I'm talking about didn't like science, or math and at the end he ended up teaching math, and science he is very good at it, and a very nice teacher too. I think all of this that I talked about is teaching me that I need to have good grades in my pre-algebra class. Engineering for me is easy to do say, but i want to experience does hard problems. On Saturdays and Sundays I work with my dad. My dads let me cut the grass and it is not easy, he keeps telling me to get good grades, so I don't have been like him all day in those hot days. I guess that working all day in a very hot summer is not food. My dad taught me that working under the sun is very hard a makes your back hurt he told me that I need to be better them him. When I'm older I would get a good job, and I would help my dad, and my mom even dough they told me that when get older they are going to go back to El Salvador, but I'm still going to help them. I think that I would give engineering a chance if not I'm going to find another job. that's ones of my job, or company I would like to visit if it was close to my school. Another company, or job would be frying airplanes I is good job i o ways wanted to fly one, but its do hard plus I don't think I'm going to go to college I think that these jobs are just too hard for me to learn especially me it takes a long time for me to remember something. I think I can make it if only I put mu effort on it. My teachers tell me that I'm smart only when I want to, they o ways tell me to give it a try and i o ways ended up learning it sometimes I think that teachers sometimes understand students and hoe they feel. I get mad when don't understand something. I haven't done good in 7, and 8th grade. I think that all of these happen because I made new friends. I think that flying airplanes is much harder than learning engineering, but the only thing I need to do if put my effort in everything think that is not a bad idea do have some company around schools they should make field trips, kids could ask question that they would like to ask. This essay made me think more about what job would I like to do in the future. I think that I would stay with the engineering job I would like to put all my thoughts in to it and get a good college degrees, and get the job that I dream off. I think that my dream would come true, and if it does or doesn't well I guess I would learn another thing I pay to go to college and get that job. I will try to make all my family happy and help all of them. I'm perfect in everything if I only put my mind into it. My name is Generic_Name, and I came to America to get a better future, and to all my SOL thank you for reading my essay.  