Should students graduate in three years? Some school offer programs that allow students to graduate in three years. Students should graduate in three years because, they have more time planing what they want to do, they have more time to work and save money for college, and they have more time to spend time with their family. To have ideas who they can do during that year. Students should graduate from High school in three years because, some students don't know what career they want, or they don't know if work or continue studying. In that year they can think and choose what they want. One of my friends graduated the last year of school, and she stays at home because she doesn't know what career choose, so she just stays at home because she doesn't know what to study and can't find a job yet. Some students after four years in High School, they take one year more to think and relax at home. That is why I think is a good idea just three years of High School. They can take that year to work and save money for college, if they want to. They can just start work to adapt to their new life or new thing that are going to learn. In a fact, student can graduate in three years of High School because it is better for them. I think is better because it helps this student that are more than eighteen to graduate not too old. Some people think that students should not graduate from High school in three years because, they have less time, but they are wrong because, students can take the most important classes, or they can take classes in the evenings. Some students take courses during the summers. Some students want to graduate early because have some goals that they want to complete. In the future there can be online classes for those who need extra classes. In conclusion, graduate from High school in three years is a good idea because, students can start college or the work force one year early. Students have more time to search a good college and to prepare their thing. This is good for parents too because, they can go to the college that their son or daughter wants to go.  