I disagree with his statement, because if you're good at something you can always put more effort in to it, and you can also be better at what you are good at, and last you can never stop growing of what you mastered. People in general they always get better of what they already mastered. First, putting more effort can help you grow of what you are good at. For example, I'm good at singing at church. I will put more effort so I can become better at my pitch and the tone of my voice. Putting effort on something means you want to be better at it, and also means that you would like to learn more and grow. Putting more effort can get you somewhere. What I mean by that is a better situation, a better position. There is nothing bad putting a little effort on something that you can get better at and achieve. Also, You can always be better. Being better is better than good, for example, I am good at cooking, but I can be better at cooking. You can be better than someone ; become better than that person that you want to challenge, or you can challenge yourself. Challenge yourself is a good way to grow. Perfect takes practice; be good of right now, but become better in the future. Taking your time and taking it slow, you can 100% be better. Trust me it's not easy to be better that you have already mastered, but there's always way and a chance. The important thing you need to know is you can't not stop growing; you can always keep on growing even though you are already good at it. Only because you are already good at something doesn't mean you stop growing, you can keep growing, if you try a little harder. I will always try my hardest to be the best at it; no matter how hard it is. There is always a way to keep on growing. If you show others that you can be way better even though you already good so far, they will see that there is a way to keep on growing. Show an example to others; let other people know that it is possible to be better, at something you are good at. Prove to those people that thinks you can't keep on growing of what you already mastered. You will not grow, if you don't put more effort in it, and time. If you just stop of what your good at, then you will not grow. Remember you can always grow of what you mastered. Don't let anyone tell you that you can't. Practice comes perfect. Do all the things you need to do to be better, then you will grow more than you expect. It's never too late to keep on growing.