One time, my friend used all type of dogs for example: cocaine, marijuana, cigarette, alcohol,etc. But one day he asked me what school am I going? I said Generic_School, can I go with you? He asked me, of course I said. I am tired to use all this dogs, I want to be something else in my life. Since this moment he changed his life. Now he wants to be a doctor for to help people to become a some else in their life. I agree with Emerson's statement about individuality because I can demonstrate that they said is wrong, to show them what is difference between to make and to talk, and to be concentrate. This thing I can show the people that I can doing with myself and that make me the greatest accomplishment. I feel to be myself, it is not depend on what people said about me. If I want to change or to be something else in a world, I have to do what my mind say to me, for example if i want to be a teacher. And they tell me to be a teacher is not important because their payment is trash, they just can earn $1000 each month. But if I like to be teacher do not matter what I earn. They will try to make me confuse. Maybe they already tried it, but they could not do it, that is why they believe that I could not do it either but not all time is the same, the world change every day so I need to try to show them that what they said it, it was wrong. So it is important to do not pay attention people who try to make me confuse.Also, there are two difference between to make and to talk because I can believe in myself but if I just talk and to say I will do this, I will do that and I will not doing anything. That way I can help the world even I lie myself. But if I did not say none and to show people that I change my life with my attitude. They will come at me and ask me what happened with me? Because I am changing. I will tell them that I want to be something else in a world. That will be my greatest accomplishment. Even if I believe in myself I need to be concentrate because I am human and I am not perfect, I can fail with my decision if I am not concentrate. Because bad people will like to see me on ground they will tell something fun that I missing. For example to study, many people do not like to study because they say that school is boring so that I am doing they believe that is boring. They will try to convince me doing wrong things so I have to demonstrate them that i want to be something else in a world not just have fun. In conclusion, work individuality is not easy i have show to the people that sometime we do not need help from somebody else. Just believe in myself, do not heard what they said about me, to show them what is the difference between to make then to talk and all time to be concentration in what I am doing. Thus, i something else is the greatest accomplishment. "The world needs me". If 