The mind can perform differently when extensively staring into a phone screen and causes a lot of distractions in the classroom setting depending on how it's used. As for educational purposes, using a cellphone to probably schedule some test dates, or save notes for later use can really improve keeping track of class subjects and assignments, considering most individuals carry their cellular devices on them every time of the day. We also have notifications on our devices to notify us on when we've missed an important assignment or other things. The real issue is whether the students are actually taking advantage of its dependability to actually improve their classroom performance. The human brain can be effected on how long you use the phone regardless of where you are, and that issue goes across all devices. When having used your phone maybe in the middle of the night before a major test, your sleep is cut by maybe an hour due to the eyes being exposed to blue light shifts, which is the brightness of the phone seeping into your eyes, so it is very critical on how the person uses the device before, during, and after school. Now another big issue is having the freedom and functionality to use the phone however you'd like. This is where a teenager's habit of text, calling, or sending pictures, brings up the debate of using cellphones for educational purposes. It is very easy to get distracted by other uses of the phone while also very easy to take answers from maybe a friend or find cheat sheets online. We don't have the right to control how people use their phone and that's where my opinion on it leans towards restriction policies and or, giving full responsibility to the teacher about when they can use their phone. Our phones are also effectively useful for keeping a calendar and keeping us notified of the important things in life especially in the educational sense where paper and memory just don't suit us very well anymore in this day and age. Phones are evolving rapidly and manufacturers are finding new ways of making them more useful for work, school, and social media. Modern education now requires plenty of technology to keep us updated, and there will eventually be a day when education is fully integrated into computers and touch screen devices. I do agree we need some form of policy or agenda to make use of the phone to help our student's with how they're approaching their education. Teachers must have to conduct the convenience of the phone and whether a certain student can use it properly and educationally. It is a unique creation we have come to experience in our time, and I hope our generation can think heavily on this matter with a progressive and open mind. All it takes is serious debate and rationality for both sides of a subject to be comfortable and conclude with what helps us most while also advancing our students properly.