Generic_Namely grandma, always said that being in a group gives you more things to talk about. The benefits of working a group is more beneficial because, more ideas, partisan, and someone you can talk to. Many calm that working alone will not share your ideas with other clearly, it's better working in a group have fun and to talk to others. To begin the benefits of working in a group is more beneficial because having more ideas. For example my sister, Generic_Name she loves sharing her ideas. Each idea they share with my classmates. They can have an example on what there writing about and have an idea on what there talking about. For example my Mom, is A fourth grad teacher she loves seeing others sharing it means a lot to her. She partners up the kids, and so she, can see on thing the can come up with. However, having more ideas well help us share and being thoughtfully too other in life. In caddishly, the benefits of working with group is more benefice because, to partial in a classroom. For example when I first stared middle school i didn't want ti partisan with no on. Because, I wanted to work bye my self. Later that week I made a Friend and, she entrust me to the other class mats, we all divided to be together for this school project. Example my little brother Generic_Name, he was shy to talk to others in the classroom. I as the oldest sister, to if him they don't need to be shy just talk to others and partial in class and get to know every one. That next day my brother was happy to with others. However, partisan is a good way to show others an example and make new friendsFinely the benefits of working in a group is more beneficial because, having someone to talk to for example my friend Generic_Name, didn't have nothing tot talk to for example my friend Generic_Name, didnt have nothing to think of. I was helping her on something we can together think of. I as a friend was there to listened to was she had to say. Example my other friend she wasn't at school because, her Grandpa, pasted away she misted on what we were working on. So I want to show her on the thinks she missed out. It helped her a lot. In concuss the benefits of working in a group is more beneficial because, more ideas, partisan, and some you can talk to.  