Many schools have partnerships with local companies. It allows students to explore certain professions. Student needs a lot of stuff to success in life. Schools should have the qualities to help their students' success. Schools should have a partnership business to help all the students to reach their goals. Helping the students to improve their skills and give them time to improve their brains as well. Having a partnership is much easier, because members helps when it's needed. Partnership is easier, because if the business doesn't work out, then everyone will take the risk not only one person. Taking the risk alone is very hard, It's as hard as touching the clouds. Having all the risk alone is horrible, for an example it can cause living in the street or losing all the money that the person have. I want to live a good life when I grow up, so I won't like to take all the risk by myself. I don't want to lose all my money, so I would be happy to have a partnership member to help me out. Plus Not working alone, I do not like to work alone in life. I would love to work with other people when I grow up. Sharing Is one thing I like about partnership. It's not only sharing the risks, but sharing the good stuff too. Sharing ideas to make the profit better. Sharing money to grow the business. Yes, sharing is a perfect thing in a partnership business. Partnership is not about loneliness, but its about happiness. Working alone is really boring, but by talking to the members of the partnership can be really fun. By doing that the members gets to know each other much more. I believe that all is it about is trust and happiness. Some people might think that Partnership is not good. They believe that partnership business is not helpful at all, but they are wrong it is helpful. They think that the members might not get along with each other, and at the end the business will break down. Getting along with each other takes time, but picking the right people for the business is needed. People who think that partnership is bad they are actually wrong, but they have points though. Partnership is about learning new stuff from other people, and it's the most important thing in a partnership business. A lot of schools now are having a partnership with local companies, which is a good thing. It will help students to improve their skills. It will also help the students to reach their goals and success in life. Plus having a partnership business is much easier, and No one takes the risk alone. Schools should have the qualities to help the students' success in their future life. 