Many students in high school are looking for the way to reduce their time in school, there are several reasons for students to think about it. These students might be passing through hard situations, such as: economic crisis, issues at home, need of independence or any other problems that is not allowing them to be in school the time they should be in, but some people do not need a short period in high school because they are struggling, this group of people might want to go to college earlier or get a job as soon as possible for personal reason. In the United States, we live every day a situation call "migration", this type of situation make people to leave their countries for some valid reason, regardless the issues they will have coming into the country. In fact many of this people is looking a better life here, the life they could not have in their countries because of their governments, scarcity of resources, scarcity of jobs, low wages, dangerous areas and many others situations that nobody would like to live. Between this group of people we can find students that were in school in their countries, but when they come into this country, and they get in high school, as a result of the "bad" education from certain countries, these students are settled in grades where they should not be because of their age and learning capacity. This is one of the main reasons why high schools and the department of education should have programs where this group of students can find better opportunities of learning without changing the time they should be in school. In another point of view, for school district to offer this type of programs, the country will get benefits because of the students will get in college earlier, and we are going to get a lot of professional people that can help to improve our nation. Economy will be a good reason to want to get out of high school one year early, this is because many people do not count with the amount of money that is needed to go to college, many students prefer to work to make money for their payments instead of getting financial help from the bank that they will have to pay with higher interest in the future. Other students think about the possibility to go to college out of the country because of the high cost of them, but they still have to work and get extra money. The department of education of the United States is encharge for all these changes, and they should take this option because it would benefit people, would benefit the country, and will benefit students in general. The program could work if students stay after school, or they come at night, this would give them more opportunities to make a plan where they can work hard to reduce their time in high school, it is really important to keep on mind that many students already work in their free time, and they might not be able to do an extra time in high school, that is why this offer should be analyzed in order to the student benefit, but at the same time giving the enough amount of knowledge they will need.