Always being active, determined to become successful can lead to lots of accomplishments; however, some people think it is necessary to procrastinate. Thomas Jefferson quoted"Determine never to be idle... It is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing something." Having the mind set of being able to accomplish assignments, and being active in anything can lead to being successful in life, having the ability to not procrastinate, and people start to see that a person is responsible or trustworthy. These are reasons why it is important to be motivated, and to be able to accomplish assignments. Having the mind set of being able to accomplish assignments, and being active in anything can lead to being successful in life. Having the motivation of being able to accomplish assignments on time and the accuracy is important; therefore, it shows that a person is organized. Organization is important because it shows that a person can arrange equipment or utensils neatly, for it helps in the future. Accomplishing assignments can lead to success in life and becoming financially stable because of finishing assignment on time and by completing them. The sensation of having motivation to complete assignments and being successful in life is amazing. Having the mind set of being able to accomplish assignments, and being active in anything can lead to having the ability to not procrastinate. It is important to keep track on which assignments have to be completed because having a incomplete assignment passed due can cause trouble. It makes it harder for a person to finish an assignment at the last minute because of the rush. Procrastinating is not the key of finishing any assignments on time and by having the assignments accurate. Being able to complete assignments on time is precisely important because it can help in the future with any assignments that crosses. Having the mind set of being able to accomplish assignments, and being active in anything can lead to people seeing a person as responsible or trustworthy. People can see a person as responsible because they complete assignments on time or beforehand. People do not have to tell a person repeatedly to have an assignment completed by a certain date. Other people can see a person as trustworthy because they stick to what they asked to do. They finish the assignment beforehand or on time, which makes people trust them more. Accomplishing assignments can help reach goals, and it can help in the future. It is important to have a person active and determined to complete assignments without procrastinating. Even though people might think it is not important, but it really is because it helps a person with massive assignments. It gives them knowledge on why it is very important to keep on track and to finish work on time. Being successful in life, having the ability to not procrastinate, and people seeing a person as responsible or trustworthy are all reasons why it is important to accomplish assignments and being active in anything that wants to be completed.