I agree with British Prime Minister Winston Churchill when he said that "success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm". Because we are all failures, but we all succeed in life, if we work hard. Success is not going to come to us as easy as pie" we go to success". To go to success we have to be failures in a consistent manner, but we learn from being a failure, to fix our mistakes. Knowing that we want a better future and that we want to be successful in many things such as in school, work, sports and many other things we have in life, that we want to become successful gives us enthusiasm even though if fail to do good at moments. Trying hard and keep train till you reach success helps us to keep our enthusiasm. Being successful in school well help us in our daily life. We will go from failure to failure without the loss of enthusiasm. We know that by being successful in school we are going to have many opportunities in life. Being a failure is not bad, it makes us strong to keep trying more and more. To graduate from high school we all need to pass a certain amount of SOL. Sometimes we pass the SOL sometimes we don't, Thats what leads us to success because we are going from failure to failure but with enthusiasm, since we keep trying and trying till we pass the SOL. Because we know that passing the SOL is leading us to success and that we have to work hard and go to success because it's not going to come to us if we lost our enthusiasm to keep trying. Work can make us go from failure to failure, but enthusiasm well take us to success. Being successful in work may be hard that it might make us feel down or even make us feel like giving up. But always working hard and with a lot of enthusiasm will help us succeed and accomplish many things such as getting a higher payment and getting a better employment can be possible if we always work hard towards success and with enthusiasm. Keeping enthusiasm is good because it doesn't only helps you to be motivated to keep working hard towards your goal / Success, but it helps your peers as well since your transmitting them the good vibe and enthusiasm. Others well succeed too since your transmitting the good vibe/ enthusiasm to them, they will be inspired by you. Playing a sport is not easy. A lot of practice and dedication is required to because successful in a sport. Becoming successful in a sport will take you from being a failure and to a failure once again. But if you really want to succeed in that specific sport that you like, you will have to try and keep trying with enthusiasm. Trying with enthusiasm will help you become successful in that sport that you like and that you have been practicing with your dedication and enthusiasm. Others may say that" Success consists of going from failure to failure with loss of enthusiasm". People say this because they don't try as hard, if they get things wrong at first they give up. People won try to work hard and go to success they just give and wait for success to come to them (THAT'S NEVER HAPPENING!!!). People also say this (" success consists of going from failure to failure with loss of enthusiasm") because they find it impossible that enthusiasm gives you the strength to keep trying. Since they are the ones who are the failure that won't work with the enthusiasm succeed. Being a failure is not bad. Working to success with the loss of enthusiasm just because we fell a couple of times is bad. Because if we don't work to success and lose our enthusiasm we will never succeed in anything we will just live our daily life as a failure. We are all failures but if we work hard we will become a better failure, A failure that succeed in life not a failure who just gives up and loses its enthusiasm. Working to go to success with enthusiasm will help you accomplish your goals, and also it will inspire others. Others will also get the same energy as you and will work towards success with enthusiasm. A failure is what makes us strong and successful we just have to give that failure enthusiasm to keep trying and to succeed.