True self-esteem dose come from praising someone to keep going and to follow their dream. Like a good friend once said "never let anyone put you down always get right back up on your feet". This is saying that people should believe in their self more than what other people say about them that will drag them down. People need to have thick skin to block all the negative haters and disbelievers because having courage, confident, and trust can help with self-esteem. First, people need to be confident in their self in order to fallow what they want to achieve in life. For example, I was not confident on passing the SOL and my teacher was praising me to be positive and not to overthink it. Then it came to the SOL, and when I finished it, the next day my teacher told me that I had passed. She later than told me that I should believe in my self more. This show that when someone praises another person that they will have confidants in their self. Second, courage can be helpful in over coming fears that can drag one self down. For example, when running a relay race, and you start to fall behind. People end up giving and saying in their head I lost there is no way to catch up because I'm all ready in last place. People will want a friend to cheer them up and encourage them not to quit and to keep fighting. From the courage that is given to them then they will keep running till the finish line. This shows that courage can praise someone to keep going. Finally, many young teens should trust what adults say to them and not ignore them. However, some may say that teens can do what ever they want, they are wrong because teens need to be taught life lessons. For example, when I was younger I steal from stores with a couple of friends. My mother told me not to hang out with other teens that will cause trouble. Which I didn't listen to her, and we got caught by the workers, and they called our parents to come pay for the belongings we stole. This shows that by praise from adults, teens will make good choices that won't get them punished. In conclusion, praises can be very helpful for a person to feel good about their self. When taking any kind of test people will want to be successful. To when having to play in a sport people will want to win and not quit. Also, to listen to people that are there for others no matter what. This shows that having courage, confident, and trust can help with self-esteem.