I agree because people should have more time to rest mostly because the effect of the stress and the health of their body. Schools should be the same, they could have more time to do their homework and rest, because there is stress in children. In the majority of middle schoolers and high schoolers there is always stress and preoccupations about grades. Most high school teenagers stress and worry about colleges if they got in or not. And by taking the four-day weekend we are reserving energy and resources, by not driving cars or motorcycles because of the toxic smoke a vehicle throws to the air we breathe. Sometimes some big businesses become of abusive or people's hours to get extra work done. It should be people's decision if they want to stay extra hours if they want to get their work done. People work to live and not live to work they somehow got to look for ways to provide themselves and sometimes their families. If they were to finish their jobs with everything done, they get to go home and be with their families. Having the time off can be people to catch with work if they are behind or for teenagers to catch up with homework. School sometimes can be exhausting because some people could be depressed or stressed out to get their things done. Everyone can run out of energy especially when everybody expects for you to do good. Every single member of your family is always telling you to do good just to get things in life is very stressful. Working hard through four days it is more than enough to get work done if you put your mind to it. People need the extra time to relax, because it is not good for the body mentally and physically. Working too much causes stress and grueling because thinking too much about work and worrying about the bills that they have to pay. By being worried too much can even cause you to go to the hospital, so it would be not be good for your health. When you think about the things you have to do to support yourself you have to put your mind to it and not slack if you want that advantage of the days you are going to have work. In conclusions, I agree because people should have more time to relax and not stressed about their jobs and what they have to do. People get exhausted and start to worry about all of their responsibilities they have to do. Working for 10 hours is more than enough for a person. Sometimes teenagers and adults carry many preoccupations that they shouldn't worry about, but they have to if it involves them. Schools should be the same and not be so stressful, it could be dangerous to stress and not sleep because they worry about the responsibilities that have to be done.