John once said, Technology had positive and negative effects on people's life, people complete many tasks without having contact with others. Some people said that technology is good because they can do many thinks, like find books, information and do works easier. Other people think different, they said that technology is bad because had negative effects on people life, if people do not know how to use it, they can will have problems because sometimes people send achievements or information to the wrong person or publish it. I think that technology is bad because with technology we can do many thinks, but some people use technology for hacks, steal accounts and cheat persons. First, some people said that the technology is important in this era, because is easier to do many thinks, for example, search specific information more fast. To do homework or company works with more information and explanations make projects, glide planes or to find books and work without think a lot. Second, the technology is very important to some people, because many times they used it to do they work and make some project, the technology in this era provoked many wrong thinks, it created many electronic thinks that are advanced. Then, the purpose of use technology if for good reasons and with the technology always people will have easy information but they will not learn the technology caused that people lose their time playing videos games and visiting wrongs we'd site. However, the technology caused many problems, the people are using the electronic thinks a lot, the cellphone, video games etc. It is creating an obsession in the people, many kids and adolescents have problems with they vision, because pass a lot of time in the cell phone, computer or playing videos games causing cancer, tumor or lose their vision. Finally, the obsession that technology are creating is very worrying, many kids don't do the homework, the students text in class and do not put attention, other persons driving texting causing accidents. Some parents permit that they kid use technology, but they do not have the control of them the adolescents use technology for have fun sometimes causing problems. Today in this era the technology are advancing and provoking that people do not learn, and sometimes it causes the death, persons use technology sometimes to hacks accounts and steal information, photos, or they publish inappropriate photos in they accounts causing bullying or making the person feels bad. Also, the technology is very advance that the people are creating robot to make easier the works, but is a problem because the robot will be removed the people jobs, causing that the people leaving without job. In conclusion, the technology had negative effects on people's life, creating obsession on people and doing easier the ability to do works, but for people they use technology a lot of need to have a limit, and if they have accounts with important information they need to protect it with a strong password, if they have kids and permit that use technology they need to control them what they do and put a limit how much can use the computer, cell phone or videos games. People have to put their own limit to control technology when it causes problems.