I think that summer is to enjoy the weather, family, friends and if you have a pet also him and everything else.nobody would like to be thinking about school work or trying to figure it out to complete homework. In my opinion students need to relax from a big long year of school and this is not just convenient for young people, we also know that we have a clear example of Adult people(older people)they also need a big break from their jobs because they might feel exhausted or stressed with work same as students and so that I am not trying to compare adults with young people I know they have even more responsibilities with their lives, but students comes to be more understandable because of the reason that they need to save more energy and have enough sleeping time, but adults also need the same things and due to that many jobs required just a week of vacation (sometimes even more) they feel really streets and tired and that why they would really wish to have a big vacation to can spend time with their family etc. same with student now that they have the opportunity to have a big vacation enjoy it. Plus many students really love summer because the weather(the warm breeze) the feeling of summer or the feeling that you know like freedom not worry about your grades, activities, projects etc. makes a lot of difference between a long break and a shorter brake, but I also take the position of the educator, I know they wouldn't like to been repeating things to make student remember of the subjects they saw the last year and having issues with things they forgot, That would be really stressful but come on! Who wouldn't like a big vacation? Good for some teachers that save money to enjoy summer. I also take the student position and as student I identified my self with the first character I describe when Students need the vacation to relax, but there's another big example of why vacation should be longer. first some students plan their goals during the summer probably to get a full time job during summer (I KNOW EVEN SOME TEACHERS do)to can save money and spend it on things they need another example is to save money for college, yes for college. And probably this is the major goal of many students trying to have a great summer because of the only reason that they don't have as much support as the other students but at the same time I understand teacher or educators because their goal is to push us up in our goals and the once a year a 3-4 week break in the summer, a longer winter break, and a week of in spring and fall sounds really nice since some student may love the weather by those times even though they like to see the fall so there's not problem concluding with everything else it will be almost the same as the regular summer vacation except that It will be shorter. In conclusion, the break that we already have is perfect because of the only reason of that many student loves it, the weather is so chill the beaches are already open and is enough time to go out of town to see your family and have a great time with them and good for those who liked to work during summer just to have some extra money or help a little of bet their Spencer.