Energy and many resources are a big patrimony that nature gave us, every single person need to take care of every single resource that we have like energy, water,etc. All of those resources complement each other to do their functions for example: without water we would not have energy, water helps to make energy when it is coming down like a waterfall, so there is when water produce energy. We also know the sun is an energy reproducer, and we can get a natural energy, the type of machine that is used for that kind of energy is a little expensive, but is better than a normal energy that we use every single day, it is less dangerous for our environment. An example of sunlight energy can be the calculators that need to be charged with light, so they do not need batteries which is a good one. The government and obviously every single person need to take care of this amazing resource to conserve it for a long time. Conserve and earn energy is a big challenge for all, we thought that little things like leave the lights turn on for a long time and do not use them is a loose of energy and money, those little things affect us believe it or not and of course affects our economy. Energy is one of the most expensive resources, we pay for electricity, because to reproduce energy it goes through an expensive process. The prompt says that adopt four days of work with each day consisting of ten hours it is going to conserve more energy. I think that can help us to reduce the lost of energy, but at the end we make the change. I think ten hours of school is not going to make a big difference,first that change will create many conflicts with students who practice a sport, have things to do after school, or need to work after school the time is not going to adjust. Parents will get in troubles to pick their children or to leave them in an extracurricular activity, even if the school adopt that proposal that does not mean that all the jobs and schools are also going to adopt it, so that is going to affect families who have children in that school. I believe the change is going to be stressful for many parents who both of them need to work. One example can be when people who need a babysitter to take care of their children, we know that person also have a family or have things to do after job and if her job take more time that she usually do is going to affect her. Not all the people are able or agree to work till late, and if they accept they want to be paid more. Having a long day of school, I mean more hours that we used to do can be stressful for students that are very mischievous or rude, they just want to go home early as they can and if the school add more hours they are going to be more rude than they are. We are teens, we just want to have a good adolescence. The good thing is that we are going to have one more day off out of school. We used to have two days out of school, but now we are going to have three, so if we add the days like early dismissal, vacations,or because of the weather those are going to be lost days, in fact we are going to lose more days, so I think that is going to affect our academic life. The period of time that we used to have to finish the unity for each class sometimes does not adjust, and we get busy, imagine if we just have four days of school plus the teens that like to be absent. In fact, all in the world has advantages and disadvantages as I mentioned. One of the advantages that I can see is that teenagers are going to be more hours doing good things being in the school, and not waiting their time doing things that are disturbing for them. We usually go to school an average of seven hours, if the businesses want to add two or three more hours to be in total ten hours taking out one day, and becoming just four days of school each day ten hours of work, In my opinion is going to be the same, because the two or three extra hours that they would add is the same that one more day of school;however, what is going to happen with the students that are in sports, have other activities or students that are in clubs, they will go home till night, I believe that is not good for anybody, they are not going to have time to do their homework for the next day, or an extra activity if they want during the rest of the day. In conclusion let the things stay same till this day, we can conserve energy doing other type of proposal that not affect too much the people and their activities. We can start doing little things like turning off the lights of our house when we do not stay there, or when we do not use them. Those are my thoughts, so we can help our world being more educated with our environment and the resources that they provide for us. Energy is something indispensable in our life, so if we do not take care of that resource we are going to have a lot of problems in the future, as energy become more expensive or something like that. We can provide huge things to our country and the world if we want.