Do you ever wonder if most students use their phones in school for educational purposes? In my opinion cell phone use in a classroom is not a bad thing depending weather they take advantage on getting work done or goof around the majority of the students in school take advantage of their phones about Seventy Five percent of students like to use their phones for social media and music. When teachers are in classes during instructional time about half the class is paying attention, the other half of the class is on their phones texting friends or updating social media and then don't know what the lesson is about when they get called on to answer questions on the board. Phones are usually a distraction to teachers and also to the person using the phone. Phones can also be a positive thing when doing paper work or projects when listening to music it can help concentrate more without getting distracted from others peers. When listening to music when you're working it gives off a positive effect on your brain, it gets your mind going with different types of ideas and keeps you from falling asleep. Cell phones bring hundreds of resources that would be able to help you get answers or help you understand certain questions, meaning of words, and how to pronounce different type of sentences from other languages. Most teachers don't allow phones or headphones in a classroom because they assume everyone's going to start texting and be on social media, cell phones are important to have close just in case of an emergency at home. In case if you want to check up on your siblings, mom, or dad even if you can notify the school about contacting your parents or your parents contacting the school it'll be easier for them to call you. Some schools usually provide tablets for students to use, so they wouldn't have to worry about loosing an assignment or turning it in late, but the majority of the time you need internet to be able to open up assignments to turn in school students usually have tablet problems and turn it in, so it could get fixed. Cell phones is a big help it can usually download applications that you need to do work without being behind in certain subjects, so there shouldn't be an excuses on why assignments are late, or missing and that's why cell phones are a positive effect for educational purposes as long as teachers are consistent on supervising students cell phone use.