I agreed that the greatest of us lies and not in setting our aim high or low, but setting our aim too low will achieve our mark because many people around us are down and falling for some reasons. But, they are trying their best to climb up to the top in order to achieve their goals and learning from their mistakes. However, many others are lying or cheating to get a better score and failing down slowly. In fact, many people are working-hard to accomplish the goal that they want to achieve. Setting our aim too low will achieve our goals because people have a weakness in their job and that's the reason why that they should be trying their best to fix their mistakes. I used to failed my math class last year because I didn't understand the unit because it was too hard for me. So, I started to stay after school with my teacher and asking questions because I want to make sure that I understand the lesson. However, that didn't work out a lot as I expected because the assignment was different from what my teacher was explaining to me. But, I did not give up yet, so I decided to study more at home and do some research about the lesson. And I finally understood the lesson. No matter how hard the work is, but what's important is that I put my time and efforts on it. Another reason why setting our aim too low will help us achieve the goal is that by trying your best and work hard for it in order to achieve. However, many people are cheating to get the goal so easily. My best friend got a high score on the test because he cheated, and the test was hard as well. The teacher was wondered how did he get a high school on the test because he was the only one who got the highest score in the class, then he lied to my teacher that he studied a lot last night. But, the teacher caught him cheated on the test by using the notes because his answers was exactly as the notes said. So, it's not a shame that you are failing at something; but, it's a worst that you lie to people and start falling down. Also, setting our aim low will help us achieve the goal because many people are working-hard to get what they want. During the summer break, I told my mom that I want a new computer because my old computer is glitching and broken down a lot. Then, she told me that I work to earn money and get the new computer. She also said that it will help me learn more things about the world. So, I started to work at a small restaurant and my position was cashier. It helps me to count the money faster, and also it helps me improve my positives toward the other people. Many people disagreed that setting our aim low won't help us to achieve our goal because sometime lying could be good for some reason and achieve the goal very easy. However, once the people find out that you're lying to them then you know the consequences. Sometime people starting at the lowest score to the highest score because they are doing their best of abilities to get what they wanted to. In conclusion, starting at the lowest point to the highest point will help you figure out what you need to do or learn in order to reach the goal. For example, if you don't try your best to achieve your goal, and it's the worst thing that you could've ever done. However, the other are spreading lies to people how they achieve their goal easily and convincing people to be like them. But, keep trying your best and never give up to achieve your goal; then, you can get what you want.