I remember when I got in trouble for making the wrong decision. In this essay, I will argue that making decisions on your own can lead to some problems, and you need someone's help. People should seek for guidance before making any decisions because it prevents them from getting into trouble, can help you make the right choice, and you can be more successful in life. Consulting with an expert can help prevent bad situations. Although, it might sound silly sharing your personal life. It can help you in many ways. For example, when you're angry and want to do something that will cost you your whole life. That's the time to express your feeling to someone else. The best way staying out of trouble is having someone guide you because you don't want to end up one day behind bars. Making the right choices can lead to a healthier life. Meaning that, it's most likely for you to have a positive mind. I remember when I decided to break my friend's trophies. I was so mad that I wasn't thinking right. The next day I woke up and realized what I had done wasn't right. However, I decided to talk to my parents, and they gave me some good advises regardless to what I had done. After that, I apologized to my friend and everything went back to normal. I felt relieved because I had so much pressure on me. Sometimes it's better to make the right choices because it releases our stress. Having a successful life is what everyone wants. In order to be successful in life is to take advises from your parents. As a teenager, we might think we know everything, but it's the complete opposite. The key to success is always got advises from an expert or even your parents, which will make you a better person in life. Some say that, we as teenagers can make decisions on our own; but, they are wrong because not everyone can handle their own situations. Seeking for help from someone else is always a better option. In the future, I hope teenagers like me seek for help when making an important decision.  