I agree with the principal because that what he said all students hood at lest participate on a sport, club,or after school activities. The principal wants students TP join sports maybe because he wants some students to get on shape or to attend some after school activities for example like a dance club to see how students do and art club to see how students draw and students council. The yearbook like take pictures of all the teams, clubs,or groups the school has. Or take photographs of all the teachers of the school like put what they do or what they teach students. School conceals like take a photograph of them and write on the top what they do there names favorite thing and others. And sports I do agree with the principal is for students can learn to do team work connect with others and trying there best to win or at list not loss the game that's how they can learn, and it shows the teacher how good there in one thing then the other. And students council I don't know what that is or what it means but I think if like to help keep the school or help janitors, teachers, or the principal with something. And I agree again because people or example students need to get on shape learn how working out feels like and then when they grow older they would be like "wow" because school is not just learning math sciences social studs and Lauren arts no, school is an opportunity to now how life is and how it is ti work hard and trying our best to do or couplet something on life. Okay this off the topic that we are talking about okay, all almost every milliner drop of school and collage to start what they wanted to do and what there dream was they did not stop it they all went for Tokay now this is back on the topic. I also disagree because some students need to do some at home like help there father or a family member o something of life or have to work in a eastern to help there family with bills or other thing like that is why some don't have the time to do any of dos after school activities and others, or have to take care of a sibling or a family member and don't have the time to stat for after school activities for the cause of dos thing that I just said. And I disagree none thing again some students just stay after school to finish a test, work,protector an ASY for the teacher or just stay to learn more about what there want to do of the work or ESY is want to be about. But in one thing some not all students some hood really stay after like the ones that can't speak English, or the ones who need help on writing on English, or the ones who really need help to read on English. Or the ones that want to learn more about an other languish they can just stay in the same class that they have the league they want to learn about and just tell the teacher if they can stay after or not no if the teacher is going to stay after for then they can stay after and learn more of the league they are learning about. The students that are in sports they can just stay after praising with other students on the soccer filled. And for the student council students can just do what the student council dos because I have no idea what is or what it means. So what I am trying to say is that yes some students hood stay after school to participate on one of this activities the principal has profited for them, I can help them on something not like help them a lot but just a little for the students know how it is to do something.