Have you ever had someone to shared wisdom and experience with you before? A friend that has been with you for years. You trust that person, shared your wisdom and experiences with that person. My best friend Generic_Name has shared her wisdom and experiences to me. She helps me with art things, how she become best friend with me, and how she is like to help so many people. She was home school Kind garden through Third grade, but when she went the Generic_School, and she was put to Third grade. Before Generic_Name met me, she didn't know anyone, she had a different teacher and class. When she in Generic_Name's class, I walk in the class, that is when she first met me, and Generic_Name told Generic_Name that "Generic_Name is the same grade as you and you guy can be friends". After that Generic_Name, and I became friends very fast, as the years past, our friendship grew, and now we are in the eighth grade, we still best friend. Generic_Name likes to help so many people like I do. When somebody drops something, she would pick it up and give it to the person who drops it. She holds doors for teacher, and students even have their hands full of books, or papers. When a friend needs help, she would try to help her friend the best she can because she cares about her friends; want to help them the best can and, she doesn't give so easily. She likes to help teachers by help passing out papers, running errands for them, and doing a favor for a teacher. She is also good at help people with art things because she and I are taking art class this year's, but her art class comes first, and I have art class second. Furthermore, she likes to tell me what the art homework is ahead after the class is over, and going to her next class. When I need help of what I should include, I would ask Generic_Name, and she would give me some advice of what I include in my art drawing. I would say to Generic_Name" That is great idea, Generic_Name, thank you so much"!Sometimes to have a good idea, she will get a computer look for some good ideas, or used your imagination. Having a friend to share their wisdom and an experiences to is meaningful because you and your best friend have gone through so many things with you, and have been by your side withe all this time. Having your best is can help you get through challenging things, or be there for one another when they need you the most. My best Generic_Name has shared her wisdom and experiences with me; how she help me with art things, how she becomes my best friend, and how she so many people. I am so happy and very thankful that Generic_Name is my best friend because without her help, I wouldn't make it this far at all.