I Disagree the school board is adding one and half hours each day of school. We have regular school days seven hours a day. Also, some people stay after school that place two more hours of school. That is nine hours of school. I usually stay after school for peer helpers every Wednesdays. That helps me to get my community servers up I already have six hours, I just need nine more hours that is it. But either way I love helping special kid's, and also I will love to finish this year helping PROPER_NAME, even though I'm about to finish my community severs hours I will still help the kids. Anyways this about me disagreeing with school board. What I'm really trying to say we wake up at six o'clock or five o'clock, and we come to school, and we do our work. Some of as have good grades and some of as are trying our best. We respect our teachers as much as we could, we do our work and we some hows understand what the teacher gives us. Also, we try our best as we could. Another example that you can't add more hours to our school is that some students have sports after school not in school out of school. Even though there are sports in my school they already sign up for other sports. Some students want to just go home and be in her/she home and just study quietly instead of after school, after school is every loudly it's not for everybody. All of us have good examples, and they will tell why it's a bad idea, and they will disagree with you. But I know where you guys are coming from you want us to have more education. I really hope you don't add more hours because seven hours is enough for us to learn. We got other things to do after school. If you add more hours, students will be picked up every last period and not even be there when the teacher is teaching. Also, we will not have after school activity because students can't stay after school past six o'clock. Also, if you add more hours parents will take out their children, and they will put them in a different school. That what I think about you adding more hours to school. I hope you think about it and think about if your idea we are actually taking benefits. Why I disagree with school board is wrong that you guys are adding more hours of school. For example, like I said I stay after school on Wednesday's and seven hours of school place the two more hours for after school. It gives me headache and our late bus is the last one to go, so basically I go home five o'clock and sometime when the late bus comes early I go home like 4:48pm. When I go home I eat and take a shower I watch for a little I say I take a nap it doesn't end up a nap it ends up I wake up at six o'clock. Also, sometimes when I don't stay after school, I take nap at home I wake up at eleven o'clock, I go to sleep at three o'clock. This why I want to don't you guys to add more hours because it will affect our sleeps.