At a young age some students are determined to identify a career they want to do in the future by the time they enter high school. For example, their courses of study in high school are selected to guide them toward a specific career in life, so they can be successful. Students should not commit to a career at a young age. Committing to a career at a young age can cause students to have stress. For instance, some students are being pressured by their parents into finding a career before they go to high school and that can lean them into having stress. The younger students in elementary school think they know what they already want to do for a career in the future, but once they get older and enter high school they start to change their minds about the career they choose as a kid. There are some students that have a strong concern or eagerness that they won't be able to find a career they like before they enter high school or graduate form high school. All of this can later lead to a state of mental, emotional strain, anxiety, or they start think they won't be successful in life. Students might not know what they still want to do in the future since they're still young. For example, students have trouble trying to identify a career they want in life. Students shouldn't have to worry about what career they want since they're still young, and they can later end up to stress. They should also try to focus on being just kids; then once they start to get older they can start to think what kind of career they want to do later in life. In conclusion, I think students shouldn't commit to a career at a young age because of all the stress they might get they might not know what career they want in the future. While this may be true, others argue that students should commit to a career at a young age. This can later lead them into having a successful life if they start to study the careers the students want at a very young age. For instance, when students start to study a career they want, they can end up having a very successful job in their future. Students can also work in a long-term commitment in a particular profession. Committing to a career can lead to causing mental or emotional stress.