I disagree with the saying "A problem is a chance for you to do your best'' because not everyone always learns from their mistakes, the problem may have already affected them, the way to be successful in life is to hardly have any mistakes. I disagree with the saying "A problem is a chance for you to do your best" because not everyone learns from their mistakes. Some people cannot remember if they had a mistake a long time ago and that mistake comes up again, for example, my brother had failed his drivers test and when he took it again he failed again. Furthermore, when your nervous and you had a problem, Some people get trauma, and they think of that problem, and they are afraid of doing it again, For example, I missed a tackle at football once, and I was scared of doing it again, so when I had the chance of doing it again I thought about if I would miss it like last time. I disagree with the saying "A problem is a chance for you to do your best" because the problem may have had already affected them, so they would not be able to change it. Some people may have made a huge mistake, so they would not be able to be the best if they have had that chance. For example, somebody on the news had the death penalty for murder, so they would not be able to change that. Furthermore, people have had the opportunity to get something great, but they chose not to, they cannot go back and change that. For example my sister got this award, but she refused to take it, so she can't go back. I disagree with the saying "A problem is a chance for you to do your best'' because the way to be successful in life is to hardly have any mistakes. A lot of people had had many mistakes in their life and failed to achieve their goal, for example, my cousin wanted to be a lawyer but then had a lot of problems with what she was doing, so she quit law school. When people have a lot of mistakes they tend to get more mistakes, and then they end up trying to figure out how to deal with all them. For example, I was taking a test and I tried to figure out some questions at once, but then I ended up mixing all of them up. In conclusion, I disagree with the quote "A problem is a chance for you to do your best" because not everybody can acknowledge what do after they have made a mistake, the problem may already have had a negative impact on them already, And the way to be great is to rarely have any mistakes