Many people believe that they should seek guidance from experts and authorities about life's important matter. Other people believe that they should make their own decisions. It is good for people who make their own decision, so that way they learn from their own mistakes, they need to learn how to get up whenever they feel in trouble. People who make their own decisions they know the consequences, but they know how to grow up as a person, and beat up any problem that they have. Sometimes, it is good to ask someone for advices because older people seems to have more experience in some topics. First, people who made mistakes in life, they need to learn how to not make that mistake again. If someone is, there just telling people what to do and what not to do, people will never learn how to not make that mistake again. Sometimes, it is good to ask someone for some help, but they do not have to tell them exactly what do. If someone need help in something, they need to paid close attention, and see how is that person doing something. Due to the fact that many people made mistakes, they have to learn how to do decisions by themselves. Second, people who have been guided by their parents, but their parents are not with for them. Since their parents are not with them, and there is difficult time when some people will need the help of their parent, but because they are used to it, that their parents do everything for them, they will never know what to do. Because of that, people will never know how to get up and do everything by themselves. Sometimes, it is easier just to ask someone how to do something, but sadly one day they will be in the same situation, and they will never know how solve it. Third, people who make their own decisions in life they already know the consequences, but they know how to beat them and grow up as a person. Sometimes, people do no like to make their own decisions because they are scared to the consequences, but that is a way to grow up as a person. Also, that is how people are a better someone in the future by making their own decisions. If people are afraid to the consequences of their own decision so that mean that they are not grow up. In conclusion, people who made mistakes in life, they will learn from those mistakes. People learn how to not make mistakes by making mistakes, but if people had never made a mistake in their life so that mean that there is someone who guide them through everything in life. People are not perfect, they learn from their own decisions. Also, people who are used to be guided by a parent, they do not know how get up whenever they are in a difficult time. Parents will never be beside people to hold their hands all the time, and that is why people have to learn how to get up. People who make their own decisions they already know that there are consequences, but they know how beat them, and grow up as a person, and be a better someone. Because of all this, people believe that they need to make their owns decisions. It is okay to ask for some help, but not with everything.