An enjoyable educational activity is Avid for anyone that has a dream they want to achieve. The first reason why say this is that this activity is not only to help you become a better person but also to encourage you to go to college. Secondly They give you tutorials not only to see where your at but to help you improve in any class. In addition, you also get the opportunity to go on beautiful fun field trips. Lastly Its like saying you have another family no matter where you go. In Avid you learn to become a responsible and hardworking person in a way that you have a binder check every week to stay organized. It's like another class but in Avid we all have a dream that we all want to achieve in which we know we have to keep trying and there's no giving up in till we accomplish it. College is something not everyone is looking forward to as a teenager but some of us are, but if we start hanging around with the bad types of people it can drag us to the deepest part of an ocean in other words there's no coming back up to where you used to be. Not saying you shouldn't be friends with that type of people I mean you can but in my perspective don't get involved as much as your other friends is. Secondly tutorials are a big part of Avid it shows your teachers and peers around you how much you know and how strong you are and the effort you but into a tutorial to get in front of the group and explain what you are having problems with but also helps you learn from your peers and it's like sharing the brain cells. Tutorials in other words shows your personality in a way when you're not a shy person to go in front of your group and talk some people don't like that they like keeping them self in an inner circle talking less but listening to the tutorials. In addition, you get field trips which most middle schools or high schools students don't have that opportunity you get to visit colleges and learn about them, it helps you know more about colleges and also having fun by walking around with a person guiding you to where you should go plus you get to meet knew people once you're there. It's just a very cool opportunity you have to be able to do things not all students are allowed to do. One of the funnest and amazing things the Avid activity has is we do fundraisers to raise money to go to King's Dominion and once you're there you will be like I've earned this because for example your working hard and you're not doing anything fun like what's going to make you keep doing that like even is you wanted to be someone in life you're gonna work as hard as you can without looking down because you have something that's giving you the support and keeping you strong. In my point of view I'm working hard and something that encourages me to do better is my niece. The Avid activity is basically kinda the same you work hard doing tutorials and making conceal notes and at the end of the year you get to go and have fun with friends and ride roller coasters it's just a really fun thing to do. Avid for me and any other students I think would agree Avid is a family we do something everyone agrees and everyone has fun with it to no one talks bad about anyone and even thought we all come from different places around the world no one is mean to one another we all stay together we all learn the something if one the Avid students want to give up we make sure they don't because we're a family and something we always say when we're down is ''dream, believe, achieve ''. This activity helps you and school but also knowing your making your self proud, but also your parents and family. In conclusion the reason why I think this activity is enjoyable is that you're getting to meet knew people, and you never know you would find you own best friend there. You get to do cool activities and join programs. Also, its like a family so if you have a family that doesn't really care about you Avid can cover that in a way you can be your self, and you don't have to pretend to be anyone else. It's just a big opportunity you get to be in it, you should be a risk-taker because once you are you never know it can lead you to a positive direction you can become a great person and become someone in life.  