Have you ever been to a park ? Chances are you have, It doesn't matter what kind but you most certainly had fun right. Going to parks Is always fun, mostly because of the activities you do at the park to have fun. At the park you always find a fun activity to do, and people enjoy doing those fun activities because you get to play with other people, you are able to make new friends, and most of those activities can help you live a healthy life. When people go to the park to tend to do fun activities, and most of the time they play those activities with friends and or other people. And when you play those activities with someone else you can have more fun. Another good reason for playing with someone else Is you also get to talk to them. And when you start playing with someone It could lead up to more people joining, and will make It even more fun. So remember when you go to the park try to bring a friend so you both can have lots of fun at the park. People like going to the park to do fun activities, and when they go they often start to talk to new people. When they talk to new people there's a high chance of them becoming friends, So another reason why they enjoy the park Is they can make new friends. And who doesn't like to make friends, as a result they can meet up at the park and have fun together. And then they'll eventually make a more friendly status with each other. So going to park can be enjoyed in different ways, there's a chance you might just make a new friend.Finally, my last reason why people go to the park Is they can enjoy the park and the activities and also live a healthy life. You might not even notice that most of the activities we do at the park can be positive and help us with a healthy life. It's Is always a positive thing to live a healthy life you can do so much by keeping your life healthy. That's why most people like going to the park you can have fun and be healthy at the same time. These were reasons why people like going to the park, plus who doesn't like the park. People like going to the park for many reasons, and all of these reason were positive. Who doesn't want to play with friends or other people, who doesn't want to make new friends, or even have and live a healthy life? So If you hate parks just remember these reasons why you should go, It can make your like very happy.