"Stop doing that, your cousin cut his hand because he was doing the same thing". A lot of times people say an example to make you know what would happen if you continue doing it. But, is the example the best way to influence people? Yes, an example will make you know that you are doing something bad, it will let you know what are the consequences of it, and you know that the example influence others, because you can see that your parents are the most important example in your life; they are going to make you as a person. When you are doing something bad and the people see it, they will probably tell you an example of something that you are doing something bad or inappropriate; for example, when you are climbing a tree, your mom would tell you stop doing that, your sister broke her arm because she was climbing that tree, that is going to make you think if you are doing something good or bad. It is going to make you know that people are telling this to you, because they don't want you to have bad consequences. Another example would be that when you are drinking, somebody would tell you don't think to drive, because my uncle died because he was drunk, and he had a car accident, so you will know that people are advising you, because they know that you are doing something bad. When people tell you a good example to stop doing something, it will make you know that you are doing something bad. A lot of times you are doing something, and you don't know the consequences of your action, maybe, it can break your arm, or it can send you to the hospital; but when people tell you an example it will let you know the actions; for example, if you are listening to music very loud, you couldn't know that it can make your ears very bad, but when people tell you turn the music down, my sister's ears are very bad because she was listening to music very loud; after that you know that you better stop doing that, because it will bring you very bad consequences, and you do not want that, so you would stop. Another thing, is that knowing the consequences of your actions, could help another people; for example, if you are drinking you should know that you can not drive, if you do not drive another person will not die, because you know that you can have a car accident, and that is because people told you an example of what is going to happen if you drive while you are drunk. An example can help you to know the consequences of your actions. A lot of people say that you are who you are because of your parents, and that is right, your parents are the most important example for you. They are going to tell you what is good and what is wrong; your parents influence you because they are your most important example, and that is what an example does, influence you, tells you what is good and what is wrong; for example, if your parents are good people, you should be a good person, but if your parents do not care about you, they do not listen to you, or they treat people bad, you are going to be somebody who doesn't listen to people, you will not care about anyone, so your parents are your most important example, because they have taught you what is good and what is wrong; and you can see again that the example influences you. The parents are your most important example and influence. We saw that an example can make us think what is good and what is wrong, it is going to tell us the consequences of our actions, it will make you think that you are doing something bad, and we can see that the example influences you because we have our parents, we are going to be the same as them, because they are the people that is going to teach us how to act. So yea, the example is the best way to influence people.