For student that try to graduate early. Is a good idea to graduate early if they are thinking go to college or if they try to work. Student need to be able to take class out of the school. Some student will need to take class in summer school. For some student is more difficult to graduate early because they need work for help in theirs houses. For making this possible student must need to be; determine, prepare, and flexible. Student that try to graduate early they must need to be determined. They need to be determined for be able to past all their class an exam. And example is; "I have a friend that is graduate early, and she is taking class in the evenings". Student that are determined is going to be easier to finish high school early. Yet if you are planing to go to college is a good idea to graduate early. Student that try to graduate early they must need to be separate. They need to be prepare to take more class during school year. They need to be prepare to have a full sketchily and not be able to take elective class. They need to prepare because they maybe need to take class during summer. They need to be prepared to pass all their class and exams that they need for graduate early and not to stress out. Student that try to graduate early they must need to be flexible. Sometimes you have to be flexible for what you have to do like if you work and go school if you try to graduate early you have to be able to stop working and focus just in school. Students need to be flexible for new things and face in the best way. Like if you find difficult in one of your class you should ask your teacher for help. Student need to be flexible because if they take class in the evening or online is going to be different and maybe difficult for them, but they need to be able to find a way to be successful. Is good for student to graduate early from high school. Yes is good if they feel they can do it and pass everything what they need to pass. Student need to be determined, prepare, and flexible for pass the classes and exams for graduate early. The opportunity that schools offer to graduate early is perfect for student that think about go to collage. Graduate in three years is good for students because they can start college early and be finished in less time.  