Have you ever gone out to a park, or just even made an attempt to go out and enjoy the outdoors ? Some people love going outside and enjoy spending time with their family. Just by going outside you learn something new while you are there whether it is about your family or something you never knew. So take time and effort and go outside and enjoy the time with your family. And help someone out wile you are there, like a homeless person or someone in need of help. Some fun and athletic activities you can do at a community park are, to meet lots of new people that live in your community. Something you can do at a community park is go running; You can even take some of your friend with you as well. You can also take your bike to the park and listen to music while you are biking. Some community parks also have a pool. You can go swimming and enjoy the cool water on a hot summer day or even throw a pool party and invite your friends. Some people like to bike, swim and run to feel good about what they have accomplished. Some other ways you can enjoy the day outside is by taking your sibling to the park. This is a great way for them to get there energy out, and you can enjoy the time with them. And they will feel so tied they won't even bother you for the rest of the day. If you like adventures then you will enjoy going hiking, it's a great way of looking and enjoying nature and getting fit as well. You can also take your dog on a walk, some people like to do this because their dogs get some exercise and so do you. I think these are all great ways to stay moving, and it makes you feel good about yourself. Swimming, biking, running, hiking, going to the park etc. There are lots of more ways you can stay fit and enjoy the outdoors, these are just some great activities you can do outdoors. Some people like doing all of these things to feel like they have accomplished something. Some other people might do these things to get fit or lose weight. People also do these activities to spend time with their family or to meet new people. I think everyone should try doing something outdoors like getting into a new hobby or a new family activity to do. Theses are activities I think are great to do outdoors.