It has being said that a positive attitude is the key of success in life. Many people might think different from what I do. I agree with this statement, because being positive in life makes me happy and when I am happy I do my work with happiness. Maybe not all the time my work is going to work out but at least I had fun doing it. During the time when I am doing my work to reach the goal, I am always being positive. When I play soccer for the school, and we have hard games against others schools who have a better team than we do, but no matter what I am always positive. Also, when I am at work I have stuff to do before leaving my work. I don't like going home late, so I am always positive that I will be finishing all the stuff so I can leave work early. Doing my homework every night is a struggle because I work every day, and I do not get time to do it before going to work. So what I tried to do is do all my work fast at work so like that I can go home and get my homework done. Playing soccer for the school is the most fun activity I have done in my life, because I get to meet new people and compete against better players. Sometimes I have to play against some players that are perfect at soccer and I might not have a chance to beat them but that doesn't mean I will stop being positive. I am always telling my self I can do it. I tried to pass my positive attitude to my teammates. When everyone starts being positive we play better games, and we beat the good teams that we could not defeat a year ago. I love my work, but sometimes I am too tired and I just want to go home. I do not get leave my job till I finish cooking all the stuff that need to be ready for the next day. Also, I got to clean the floor and the kitchen. If I want to leave early I need to be positive, that I will finish every thing fast. Like that I would not have to leave late. The good thing about my work is that I get to work with my best friend, he is always positive like me, so we do our job faster but well done. When I get homework and I have to work the night I just want to cry. But I tell my self that if finish all the work fast. I would get to go home and do my homework. I would not have to go to sleep late, because of my work and homework. Being positive helps me finish everything fast so can go to sleep fast. In conclusion, Being positive is the key of success in life because, being positive gives you happiness and makes you do your job with more joy. Many people should change their negative attitude because negative people never succeed in life. When you are a positive person more of your goals are going to be active. Also, just not that you will make other people start being positive.