Have you ever thought about staring your future career in a young age? Well, This question has been asked to a lot of people. Lots of people have responded to this question saying "yes" and "no". Everyone has their reason why they start in a young age and why they don't start in a young age. In my opinion young student's should start to think about their future career in a young age because it will give them an idea of what they want to be in their life, and they will know what kind of courses or classes they will be taking to get to their goal. Even though, some would argue that young students shouldn't start to think about their future career in a young age because they will spend less time with friends and family. My first example is, it will give them an idea of what they want to do in their life in the future. For example, young age student's can change their mind and might not want to choose that path no more. Also, If that happens, young student's gets lots of time to think of another career path they want to take. For example, a kid is thinking about being a police but then later on he wants to be a doctor, that give the kid time to think about what he wants to be. Lastly, student's get a head start of what their future career is going to be like. In addition, This head start gives them time to plan and organize everything they need. For example, kid's have lots of things they want to be, so they get a head start, so they can get an idea of what career they choices to take. My last example is, They will know what kinds of courses or classes they will be taking to get to their goal. For example, student's can choose the right classes that will help them achieve their goal. Also, they don't have to stress out about them taking the wrong classes. Like, If a kid want's to be a doctor when he grows up he will already choose the courses of being a doctor. Lastly, student's knows what types of material they will need for the classes; to help them get prepare. In addition, This helps the student's a lot because they will already have the mind set to think of what they will be needing in the future. Like, that's a good skill to have, knowing what you need in the future and not worry about it in the last minute. Some would argue that students shouldn't start to think about their career in a young age because they will spend less time with their friends and family. For example, kids are so full of energy and want to go out and have some fun all the time. Also, they want to make precious time and memories with their friends and family. Sure, it's nice to go have some fun and get to enjoy life with the ones you care about more. However, you got to remember that you're going to be the one responsible for your own future and if you put effort you're going to have an amazing impact in the future with your career. In conclusion, student's should start to think about their career in a young age because it will give them an idea of what they want to do in their life, and they will know what kinds of courses or classes they will be taking to get to their goal. It will keep them focus eon their goals and will make a big impact in their lives since they already have everything planed out. In addition, this will prepare them for the real world. So now, Do you think young students should start their career in a young age?