Do you think it is a good idea for students to start their career such a young age and stress about it? I will tell you guys why it is not a good idea. Reason number one students can feel a lot of pressure on them. Reason number two students still do not know what them want to be yet. Students can get a lot of pressure because students have not found out what they want to do in life. Students can get over welled so easily. Students think about it too much what they want to be when they grow up. Especially freshman they just stated school they do not need any stress when it comes to think about their career. Freshman do not what they want to be yet. They are just new kids that have just stared high school, and they do not need to think about it yet. Students already have enough stress and, they do not need any more of that. Students already have stress from school, sports, home problems, and the list can go on. Students still do not know what them want to be yet. It is hard to find something want you like to do in life as your career such as a young age. Students may think they have found the one that they really want to do in life but, they change their mind and, they would want to go for the other career. Therefor, students need more time to think about what they want to do in life. It takes time to think about what students what to be to grow up. There are a lot of things to do for your career, so students just have not found the right one yet. They need time to make sure what they really want to do in life, and they feel it is the right one. Some might says it is a good idea for students to commit a career such a young because it will benefit them in life. Here it is where I am going to prove them wrong. Students get stress so easily, and they do not need any more of that. Students do not need to feel pressured, and it is okay to say that they do not know what that want to be when they grow up. It is not okay to rush students as they enter high school. Students can make their own mind when the thing it is the right time and, also they think they really think what they want to be when they grow up just give them time. To my congestion it is not a good idea for students to commit to a career as they enter high school because they need time to think about it well.