If you're looking for a hard worker make sure he writes you a good res may. If he write you a good res may and tells you what was his good explains. You should ask him why was he so interested into this job and why. Ask him how sea rouse would you take this job and why. Check for his record, ask just to make sure if he or she not into any bathing's. Ask him or she would make's him or she contestable the job they want. Make them feel contestable what they are seeking for ask him or she how they want to work like. Make sure to ask what was their fist jobs where they lived and name of the place they worked at. Ask them a good reason why they should have the job they are looking for. Ask them what collages they went at how long they were there for. Ask him or she how long are they trying to work for. Ask him, or she is like how long are they trying to work for in their jobs they are trying to get heard from. If him or she is trying to get heard and they don't wright a respray or show up not looking professional, they are not the right person who's not trying to get heard. If you're going to and interview make him or she trees up nice, so you would get hire. Make sure you show up early not late. If you keep doing that to an interview you will not get hired, and you will not have anymore chances. When you doing an interview they can ask as many question as they want you can also ask them back to them too. If you intervening a person or they at you make sure you're listing and making eye contact at all time. Before interviewing make sure you practice at home so when you go to your interview you won't be nervosa. Or practice with some you now, so you would get used to it or wright a piece of paper, so you know what to say the next day with no problem. If you can not make any eye contact, and you get nervosa while you are in the interview ask him nicely if you could have a little practice with him, or you could get somewhere is quiet. Ask what's their experience on what they like doing and when they get accepted on what they were looking for.  