The students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home. Is better study from home because some students' no have the time for study in school, because a lot of students in the world that have that working for following her goals and being somebody in life. In the world has students that also working for careful the parents or help at her brothers. Some students that want study in school by can not do, because sometimes the family was passing by a situation difficult the money and so don't have more families that helping, is a unique way that her children's work for that help at her family, and so some students can follow to study in her home. All the students that study in her home for online have that being responsible. First, some students that have that working for help at her parents and also study in home. For example, Generic_Name that working every day the week him want that her parents have a better life economic. Generic_Name to take a choice to go out the school and Generic_Name put at working. Him searches the best way for having a job and help at her family with expense the home, Generic_Name also study choice take classes in home every night. Generic_Name want that when finish her studies want enter the universsity, for having a job better and steady. Him want being lawyer the law for help a many people that was passing POR moments difficult and that her children's don't can study in school because his parents' no have a life economic good, and being the world a better place. Secondly, The students that study in her home in online have that decide being responsible. For example, Generic_Name that want study medicine by not is responsible with her studies. Her parents choice that Generic_Name leave school and don't study more because her now put the part by have better calcification in school, the parents the Generic_Name to put stand up, 5am for go at the company and help in her business. Generic_Name was very angry with parents, but Generic_Name choice and think the things that the best way are study, and she tell her parents that want to follow her studies in home in online. Generic_Name learned the mistakes and finish her studies, and now she was in the university study for nurse, and is a better person and responsible with her studies. In conclusion, some students that not like study in school and home, some parents working every day for that her sons can have a better future and being somebody in life. Many people no have money for that her sons study for online, the students the day now think that best way is to leave school and follow study more but also can study in the home and the sometime have a job and pay her studies and help at her parents. And follow study for that day the tomorrow do better and peoples with respect, and help the people poor.