Believe they use the cell phones in the classroom for educational purposes is a fantastic idea, because student will save a lot of time finding information or doing others works. Teacher will not worry to collect books or magazines that normal student use to fine information. Student by using their phone, the work is going to be easier because phone are more practical to use. The idea to use phones in class is a good idea because will not only help students it will help teacher too. Student by using their Pope they will save a lot of time, because sometimes student have to fine information for a project and project need a lot of information. Fine information in books, magazines is hard work and student hey do that. With the phone student can fine the information more faster than normal, and they have more time to do others work. Teacher will not have to worry to collect all the material that sound use to do their work. For example, in some classes they have to fine a lot information classes like Government, Biology and World history one and two. Student to fine this information they use books and magazines and when bell ring the stun live the material they were using and the teacher have to collect all the thinks that they were using, but by using phone they will not leave all that mess teacher would not worry to clean the mess. Studen will complete all their work because if they have a project that need to fine information they will do it faster in their phone. Phone are more practice to use and easier them books or magazine that student normal use. The big reason that student give that why they don't finish their work is that they don't have sufficient time because fine information in books is hard. In conclusion phone will be a fantastic idea because will not only help attended it will help teachers too. The work will be easier for student they will finish their works on time and teachers will not worry to clean the mess the Auden do when they use books or magazine. They're not going to have an excuse that why they don't finish their because with phone is going to be easy.  