One topic that is frequently debated is technology is a positive or negative effects on people's lives. Technology is a positive effect because mostly everything is online. I believe that technology is good because books are online, get talk to other people through a laptop or a smartphone, and can write it on a notepad or word document. Everyone thinks technology is bad cause of the things they see on the news. Not everyone has time to go to the bookstore and find the book there trying to look for. All books are online now and makes it an easier and faster. When you go on a road trip and nothing to do, you can read on your smartphone or any devices. Parents don't get a lot of time to relax and read a book, but on road trip they can while their children are sleeping in the back. Online books are easy to carry because it's on their smartphones. No more looking for your book when you lost it. Plus online books don't lose your spot, gives you an option to put a bookmark on the page you want to save, and if you don't know a word it will give you the definition and translate in another language. Some people lives in another country or states, and it's hard to communicate over a letter or phone call. Using a tablet, laptop, or anything devices that has a camera can do video chat. You can't write a letter and wait for 5-7 days or probably more for a response. Email is one of the way to send a rough draft or a final draft. Other people can also edit or help you on it. Also, on video chat you can call up to how many people and all the time you want. People complain how they can't meet up because they already have plans for other things, but they can just set up a time and day, and they can do from everywhere they are at. Technology is going to upgrade is the near future. Right now everything is at a start point, everyone thinks it's fun to have a tablet, laptop, smartphone, or headphones. Some people like to show when they get something new, but they have to take care of when they get it because technology are expensive. Just think about it in the future more technology will come and no more paper and pencil because everything will be on technology. Most people like that technology is growing because it's better. Even kids have tablets for learning their ABC's and 123's. In schools, they sometimes provide tablets and laptop for students because they want them to learn better and makes sure they have something to do their work on. Students likes technology because they can research what they need for their project or homework. Also, they can watch videos how to do something or explain it better. Technology is a good way to communicate with or without speaking. . There are many ways to get to everything with no issues or problems. I think technology will be a big part of people's live soon. People should get used to all the technology right now because sooner or later it will become bigger. Everyone will miss paper and pencil, but it's a safe and better way to get through everyone. Also, it's a good way to communicate with other people faster.  