I believe that a positive altitude has a good impression in other persons. But there around you are person who can influence you to be a bad attitude person with others. The decision you make to be who you are is to realize that other person will act the same way to you as you just did to them. Everyone need to be respected don't matter the age, country or religion because we all are humans. Been in a positive attitude will appeal the attraction of other persons to you by that will help you to success. Because if someone is being rude to them, and you act different and start helping them they will notice that you have a good attitude to others that you don't even know. By the way you cannot judge someone just for their appearance is like judging a book without reading it, it can be someone who will look with an angry face, a sad face even it can look weird but if you don't start sharing time, knowing each other, know what they like and what they do or how they are you cannot put your bad attitude just for how they look, they can also treat you as the same you did to themHowever, people cannot receive a bad attitude from you as if they were different to you. I think that we all are same with some differences than others as religion, country, color, etc.... I feel that receiving a bad attitude from a person that you even know is the worst thing that someone can do to you because you don't know that person and if you show that reaction from you that means that you're like that with everyone and show that you don't have respect to others. Even in your job is when you need to be the more kind as possible to keep this person that you don't know with you because as they need you, you also need them at the same time because they will help you to keep that job that you need, also your impression to them has to be best, as you show them at work you also need to show the best of you out of work that will show that you're successful person in life and that you don't act good just when you need it and that is how you are, and they can also trust in you because you are being honest to them. Considerating that don't matter what you cannot give a bad treat to other person just because you woke up in a bad mood. I believe that if you are in bad mood and think that everything is going to bother you is better for you to figured it out as soon as possible on you own, because people can not be involved with your own personal problem and I think even if you are not felling well you also need to be in a good attitude to the people because if you let you bad attitude to ruin the days of other they will think that you're always like that and will be enough to them to think the illest of you. However knowing that you don't feel well, and you gave the best of you to others before, that will be a great accomplishment for you and from now on you will be and example and will help others that feel the same as you to continue and leave that bad mood being and show the best of them. In conclusion a good attitude is one of the important things to success in life. I think that every person have the right to be respected not for what they have is just we all need respect. People cannot be treated it bad because of you mood or just because you didn't like how that person is. Doesn't matter what you can't act bad with other persons, even if you don't know them and think that you will not see them again, but the reality is that in other day you can really need from that person, but that person will not be there for you because of how you acted before.  