To converse energy and resources, some businesses have adopted a four-day work week, with each day consisting of ten hours. My school should follow this model by extending the school day two hours. This model will be helpful for students, and teachers at same time. By giving them more time to relax. It is the best option for students because it will give them more time to experience, learn new information in a young age. We all as a student need more time to prepare for future, and work as hard as possible to pass our classes. Furthermore, same for the teachers, they will be able to have more time with their families; and they can enjoy their lives with three days weekend. My school should follow this model by extending the school day two hours because teachers and students will have more time to relax, to grow and achieve more, and to help others. We all need to relax, specially if we are a student because school is so stressful, and two days weekend will not give enough time to students to relax. Two days weekend will just be enough for students to spend time with their families and do their homework; it will not give them time for themselves. Moreover, by two days weekend students can not relax and work for themselves. I personally rather to have more time during the weekend because I will have more time to finish everything that I wanted to do during the week, and I will have time to relax. During the weekdays students can learn more, and they will have more time in school to spend with their friends. Some people think that three days weekend will make students forget what they learned during the week. But they are wrong because students will have more time to go over what they learned, and they have enough time to practice more. Most of the people loves to exercise, read, meditate, and swim in their free times. Three days weekend will give students and teachers more free time to care about themselves. Most of my friends love to exercise, but some of them gave up on exercising because they don't have time to do it. They are working Saturdays' and studying on Sundays'. One of my teachers told me, that she loves to read book in weekends, but she does not have time to read because she has a lot of work to do. Reading, exercising, meditating, and swimming will help human to grow and learn more to achieve more. Also, four days weekdays will teach students to work harder. Some people think that students and teachers should not have longer weekend than usual because they have winter break, and spring break. But they are wrong because longer weekend can help both students and teachers to care more about themselves by giving them free time.Some students love to help others, by volunteering. Three days weekend will increase students chances to help others because they will have more time to do it. My sister loves to volunteer and help other; she is volunteering once a month. She told me that she wants to increase it and do it more, but she can not because she has a lot of homework, and she does not have time. Although, there are a lot of students who need help in some of their classes because they have a bad grade. If we give the students more time to study, they will get better grades. Last year during winter break, my math teacher told me that I have to try harder and study more, I told him that I can not understand the notes. We met in the public library, and he helped me to study. He said, "I love to help students outside of school, but I don't have time to do it". I think we have a lot of teachers like that, who wants to help students outside of school, but they don't have time. If we have longer weekends, teachers will be able to help more students. Some people think that schools should have two days weekend because they are not getting tired. But they are wrong teaching and learning are the hardest things in the world. To converse energy and resources, some businesses have adopted a four-day work week, with each day consisting of ten hours. My school should follow this model by extending the school day two hours. And this will help students and teachers to have more time to relax, to care about themselves, and to help others. Students can have more time with their families, to grow, and to work harder and achieve their goals. Furthermore, teachers are also the same, teachers need more time to spend with their families and kids, and they will be able to plan what are they going to do, or what they want to do with certain students who need help. Also, in weekdays they can learn more, or teach more. Which it is a great opportunity to both of them to achieve more. 