My opinion about conserve energy and resources. I have two points of view, the bad and the good one. I think this is a good idea but, it has bad things. I think if we want to conserve energy and resources we just need to have four-day school week. Four-day school week can be benefits for the people that have to work every day, but it has a disadvantage and is that we are not going to learn too much like a five-day school week. My first point of view is that this can be good for many students. If my school follow this system can work for many students that have to work every day. First reason is that they can have one school-day off, so they can go calm to the job. They can have that day off in school and job. Second reason is that, this can be good also for those students that skip school every day, maybe if they know that we just got four-day school week they would want to come to school. Third reason is that teachers can have more time to work on projects and do all that work that they have to do. Second point of view is that is system can not be a good idea. First reason is that students would not learn as much as five-day school week. Second reason is that is going to be tired to be ten hours of school. Third reason is that two more hours of school are not a good idea for those that have a part-time, they would not be on time in their jobs. Two more hours of school can be frustrated for many students. My position on this issue is that this would not work. First reason is that many students that have to work they would like to go to school because of two more hours. Students that have to work start they shift at 5 pm and school would end at 6:04 pm, students would skip the last classes. I think if this is to conserve energy and resources it would not work because is like they are adding part of the last day of school to each day so like the same think. My conclusion is that is not a good idea my school would not approve this issue. This like the same think as five-day school week. If they don't add two more hours this maybe can work, but I think this going to be hard for students and teachers. With this system we are not going to conserve energy and resources is going to be the same thing. 