People can learn without making mistakes. People should seek guidance from experts and authorities about life's important. People should not make their own decision. First, they would learn in a better way, also people need someone to advise them. As well, the world would not be destroyed as it is now. People would learn in better way. To begin, if people seek the guidance from experts they would not make a lot of mistakes, and their life would be better. For example, a person who seek the guidance from experts it would have more opportunities. Likewise, a student who doesn't understand math class can talk with his teacher or other expert in math and the teacher can explain it. On the other hand, if the student doesn't talk to anyone he provably would fail math. In addition, a person who get a new job need someone to explain to it what to do. While, if nobody explains to it the new employee would make many mistakes. As you can see, the people who take the advice of a expert would learn better. People need someone to advise them. For example, everybody has problems, but not everybody has someone to advise them. First, a new student came to my school, and he didn't know the rules of the school, so he did something that it wasn't good, and he gets in big trouble, but if someone would explain him he wouldn't get any trouble. Therefore, many teenagers do whatever they want because they don't have anyone to guide them, and the result of that is those teenager get it many troubles each day. While, the teenager who are guide for any expert they do well in everything they do. As you can see, everyone need someone to guide for the right way, and nobody would do a lot of mistakes. The world would not be destroyed as it is today. For example, if everyone would have the opportunity to have someone to advice them the world would'n be danger to anyone. Furthermore, in many countries the people are in danger because their governors doesn't know how to guide a country, but if an expert took the control of the government the people would not be in danger anymore. Likewise, teenager sometimes live by them-self, so they don't have anyone to tell them what is good and what is bad; teenager many times do bad things, and they don't even know. As I repeat, if the whole world would have someone to guide everyone the world would not be destroyed as it's today, everything would be in peace. In conclusion, if everyone would have the opportunity to have an expert guide during life the entire world would be better. Likewise, people would make better choices in their life. Also, with an expert guide the people nobody would be in danger again. Furthermore, teenagers and kids would have a better future around the world; as well, the world would be in peace, and people would learn in a better way. Also, if someone doesn't know something he/she can talk with an expert and the expert would guide her/him. Finally, life would be better and easier if everyone talk to an expert what is going on, so nobody would do a big mistake.  