Have you ever solved a math problem in less than 30 seconds? Math is important to many people. Even president Trump uses math to buy food or pay back to important people. He might be paying people to find a cure for the Coronavirus. However, did you know that we use math every single day in our life? How do people use math every single day you may ask. When you go to the supermarket to buy food, the register has to add all the food that you bought, and they even have to add taxes. How about when you go shopping in the mall with some friends. When some is looking for a job they even have to find out how much is the salary. When your parents pay water bills and taxes, they have to pay the perfect amount of money. If you're doing a party you have to find how much money your wasting. In your school you have to use math in mostly all your subject. In science, you have found out how much of a mass is in a cup of water then subtract it from the cup to find the mass of water. For history the president has to find out about expensive's and the taxes that all citizens is paying. If you have a hobby or have talents to do an activity you even use math. In theater arts you have to measure and subtract where the lights are hitting, and you have to find the perfect angel. In baking you have to add your ingredients and weight it to find its mass. When you cook don't tell me you just put random stuff in your pot. You have to find the perfect amount to feed the people you are feeding. In soccer, you have to find the angle you are going to kick the soccer ball. Basketball is the same, you have to see from which angel you are going to throw the ball to make a point for your team. Here are some school activity's that you use math in your school. ScienceHistoryArtTheater ArtSportsCooking ClassHomeAfter school programsHowever several kids don't like math, but they could try it in a fun way. Many children complain about math being too hard or just being boring. I have found a way to make it exciting for kids. They could be playing games or just pretending to buy stuff, like doing a little play that won't cost money. If a student likes painting give them a coloring book that has math in it. Dancing and music is the same thing as coloring. In music, you can count how many strings a violin has and compare it to another instrument that is in the violin family. You can watch a funny video that is related to math, you can watch it in your home or in school. Go on a field trip that will be free or that won't cost that much money. If a student is struggling in math help or show them a way to do it. A kid's classmates or friend could help them in math. They can use math websites like racing cars for boys and coloring games for girls. If they are still struggling then ask there parents if they can stay or to get them a tutor after school. Find them an easier and understandable way to teach them math. The child's teacher can even play fun games with her students like Kahoot, Quizlet live, or even Pear Deck. You can give out prizes like candy or sticker's, that will probably get them more exciting. Many scientist say that math is helpful to your brain and makes it healthy for you and your brain. You will acknowledge many ways to solve several math problems from years to years until you graduate from collage or high school. The reason why I choose to do my lesson about math is that I want kids to be independent and to get responsible when they grow up to be adults. 