For feeling better in our whole life, of curse we have to do something else, like to do great, wonderful, and something different. When you want to do anything different you have to be perseverant, and also you have to do response. For example, to be yourself in a world you should be constantly and work hard to feel better in everything. You can try something new like learn art, or to be volunteered, or you can do exercise. One reason, to be yourself you should to learn something new like about art. I believe, is a good idea to try anything else, to feeling greats. Because when you try to learn anything different you always to be feeling better. For example, if you learn about art, you can panted beautiful pictures, and buy to many pictures. Also, you can to become a famous person around the world, but for accomplishment this goal you have to be perseverant. Another example, to be yourself in a world you should to give anything else. Like to be volunteered, in to many places a round the world's most people need help. For example, schools need people to help with the students. Sometimes teachers, and students have a film treat, and schools need volunteer to help with students. For to go to the zoo, and learn about animals they can learn about the bigger Giant panda, or about elephants. Also, sometimes students and teaches, have a film treat, to Washington. To learn about the presidents, as a president Gorge Washington. Student can learn about Gorge Washington, who was the first president at the United States. Asks they can learn about Mrs. Locker'King, he was a great person, And he helps to many people. You can feel better to help to others people who need you. In addition, to be yourself in the world you should to be different, and do anything than you likes exercise. I agree with Author Emerson. You have to trying to do different things, to have greats accomplishment, you have to be perseverant. Like to go to the gun, and do exercise every day. Exercise ca be fun, you can do exercise outside like run, dancing, or just walking. If you want to be healthy, and have a logger life you have to be constantly, responsible, and try to do something else, as to eat healthy like to eat vegetables, fruit and drooping more water. In conclusion, if you want to be yourself around the world you always should to trying to make different things.Also, for have greats successful in your life, you have to be perseverant in everything you do. For example, if you want to learn about art, or trying to be volunteered, and do exercise. Just have to be constantly. Do you think we have to be responsible?