Author Ralph Waldo Emerson wrote, "to be yourself in a word that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment." I strongly agree. Have you ever felt like you have to be someone else you are not? This is something that most people who living in this world are dealing with. Us human being live in a world nowadays that is actually don't want us to be ourselves, no matter how hard we try, we most likely end up not being confident, and having low self-esteem. We think that we have to be someone else to please our society, which is not very true. Therefore, fighting with this world to be ourselves is one of the greatest accomplishment because, people become more confident, they get the chance to be their real selves, and they don't try to please others. Firstly, people become more confident. No matter how good a person can look, having no confidence fade the beauty away. No confidence make people look weak, and they don't believe much in themselves. As an example, some people may have terrible stuttering problems, and sometimes it may make them feel like not wanting to communicate with others, or some people would love to have a conversation, but they might think that they are going to get laughed at because it's hard to get their words out. However, fighting this obstacle can improve their lives and build them up to have more confident. This is one reason why I agree being yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. Secondly, people get a chance to be their real selves. Some people get lost trying to be someone else that they are not because the society want to change them. For example, in some countries, especially my country, Haiti, people get bullied for being in the LGBT community. Some parent, family members, or friends might not accept them for whom they really are, so they have to hide it and try to be normal like everybody else. Sometimes some of them feel like they are getting rejected by the community and they just to want to be alone crying or even want to commit suicide. This is a major reason why I agree being yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. Lastly, people don't try to please others. Some people would do absolutely anything to please their significant others or their friends. As they're pleasing them, they end up making that person happy and automatically forget about their own happiness, which is not right. For example, some people might have abusive boyfriends/girlfriends who want them to do everything their way. Deep down inside they don't really want to, but they probably love that person, and they have to do it if they want to please them. They end up falling in an awful situation that may even risk their lives. This is a last reason why I agree being yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. As a summary, be yourself in a word that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. You become more confident. You get the chance to be the real you. You do not try to please others. If people keep being themselves in this world that just want them to be someone else, then they would find themselves where they've lost it, and they would also find happiness.  