Technology in today's life is, so advance that it has both positive and negative impact on people's life. In my opinion, I think that technology has change people's style of living. Technology at some point slow-downs the physical growth or development of our body, and it stops us from learning new things, But on the other hand it helps us to complete many tasks and save time. Modern technology has negative impact on peoples life. People can check out books, shop, and play games without moving form place and talking to anyone. This leads to no physical activity, which slow-downs physical development of our body. In fact, there was a survey taken few days ago, and it states that more than 45% of middle schoolers in U.S.A. has to take some kind of vitamin medicine as the don't eat their lunch properly because they watch t. v or phone while taking lunch, 38% middle schoolers have glasses because of sitting in front of TV or using phone all the time, and more than 46% students are overweight or underweight as they don't do many physical activities. Secondly, technology stops us from learning new things. Technology helps people to complete new task in everyday life, and then we get use to taking help from technology instead of trying it our self or learning it we get a habit of letting technology do our work. For example, if our mom not stopped us from spoon-feeding then we would take it for granted and never learn how to eat our self. But, On the other hand technology helps us to complete many tasks and save time. Technology helps us from not being delayed, it completes task 50% faster than us, and helps us to save 25% of more time. For example, Our group got an assignment to do on Monday and the deadline to submit it was on Friday, So if I would read books to find some info, it would take me at least 2 weeks to complete that assignment, but thanks to modern technology, I was able to finish it in 3 days. At last, I would like conclude that technology plays a major role in our day-to-day life. It has both type of impact negative and positive, and it impacts on our life, but the main thing is "how and when we use it". Technology changes lifestyle of people and if we use it more it slow-downs our physical growth and stop us from learning new thing, on the other it also completes our task easily and faster that us. So less use of technology gives us positive effects and more use of it gives us negative effects.  