A poll by a student from San Antonio high school shows that 92% of people between 14-21 years have been influenced by others. Influencing others can be catastrophic or great but only a selected group of people chosen by the individual can do it. Humans are being influenced constantly by different people and ways of thinking, but he most effective ways to influence others are: peer pressure, advises from others and social stereotypesMost adolescents are extremely insecure and need their friend's approval. Many times teens are challenged by their friends in order to do something that can cause fatalities or a great success. Generic_Name was a terrible student when he moved to Generic_City from Generic_City, but when he met Generic_Name his life changed because Generic_Name peer pressured him, taught him English and influenced on him to achieve success on Generic_Name's high school career. Parents, siblings, friends and idols have the power of being able of influence on others by giving advises based on their own life experiences. Old people advise are the most effective because of their great wisdom and erudition. Generic_Name's grandfather was a well-known writer and gave many advises to Generic_Name about how to write good essays. After all that, Generic_Name has been awarded with different prices and many scholarships that required essays. Every culture have different societal rules, but each rule can influence and shape anyone as a person. All personalities are different, but most personalities are modified by cultural rules. When Generic_Name went to Dubai, she decided to wear a hijab, although she was not Muslim because if she did not wear it, people would look at her with contempt, this shows how social. Stereotypes can affect anyone. The most effective ways to influence others are: peer pressure, advises and social stereotypes. If all humans were influenced by good people with good intentions, life would be easier, and there would never be a lack of good people trying to influence others on the way of success and saintliness.