Dear, Managerial you ever had a dream job? I have always wanted to be a professional gamer. Gaming is so unique in so many ways, like the fact that you can create your own game and have such a large fan base growing ever years is incredible. I have been gaming ever since I turn five years old. Gaming is such an important part of my life because my dad gave me my first console to play on. This was really incredible to me because my parents did not have a lot of money at that time. I will fill in great if I get this job being a twitch streamer, because I had always wanted to become a professional gamer and with twitch I can do that. People can tune into my stream and watch me play. My stream will be filled with entertainment, competitive game play, and live events. To begin, my stream will offer a load of entertainment. Some sort of entertainment my stream will offer is introducing celebrity and playing some video games with then. Every Tuesday and Thursday I will invite a celebrity to come over and play on stream. My fans can decide which celebrity they want me to bring in to play games. In stream like Monday and Wednesday I will make challenges which I would have to do. Some challenges I would like to do is play with my eyes closed, play underwater, or even play on an airplane. On Fridays, I will have a special day for my fans. I will Make a discord and communicate with my fans and see what's going on. I will also ask them if they would like to go in a match and play so games. This will be the entertainment I would give on my stream every weak. Secondly, I would like to add competitive game play to my stream. I am a really competitive player and I want people to rely that. When ever I go to play in a tournament I will stream and let my viewers watch me take this victory royal. Once I am playing competitive I will teach my viewers tips and tricks on how to become more aggressive. While playing competitive I will have good quality game play, the reason for that is because I want my viewers to think that there ones playing and not me. While recording a competitive stream I would like to play extremely aggressive. This is the type of competitive game play I will like to express on my stream. After then, I would love to schedules live events where my fans can enjoy playing and meeting new people. Some Ideas I would like to add is have large station were they can eat and talk. Another idea would be for my fans to be able to meet me in real life and take pictures or autograph with me. The greatest idea I would like to add is to be able to earn ten-thousand dollars. You can be able to earn ten-thousand dollars by 1v1 me in a match. This event will only take places on Sundays which I will be putting it on my stream. In conclusion, I think that you should let me visit or become a twitch member because I had always wanted to become a professional gamer. Twitch can help me achieve the goal by letting me stream on their platform. If I earn the job then I can get people to tune in to my stream and enjoy the entertainment, competitive game play, and live events preserve for them. This is why you should allow me to join your community and allow me to become a part of the family. From, Generic_Name 