Yes I agree with Churchill's statement about the importance role that failure plays in the pursuit of success because we need to learn to not lose hope in what we want for success and our future. Imagine you keep on failing and failing but knowing your going to be successful in life? Imagine not losing fate or enthusiasm to pursuit for success? That is what the Former British Prime Minster once said that "Success consists of going from failure to failure without the loss of enthusiasm." How would you know your going to fail to pursuit for success? What is success? Success is to achieve goals you have been wanting to accomplish. Everyone wants to accomplished something or anything. It feels extraordinary to be successful in life but to fail is something that no one likes including to success. It's understandable to make mistakes because you can learn from them and try again until you get it right. No one is perfect, it's understanding to make a couple of mistakes here and there knowing you can learn from it. Everyone wants to be successful in life or in anything. For an example when you apply for a job you to apply first, then wait for a response for the interview, After when the interview is done you have to wait a couple of days or two until they call you to notify you if you have gotten the position or not. Well that's how we feel when were trying pursuit for success hoping that we can do this and having fate to not give up. When you know your failing to pursuit for success is when you keep making mistakes, but you keep going until you get it right. No matter how many times you keep making mistakes it won't stop you from what you are doing or trying to get. You can be still successful no matter how much you fail because it will make you mater for success. Success is something that many have achieved or have not but at the end of the day were responsible for any mistakes, actions and verbal language that we have used, It could affect anyone or anywhere. As we as people must continue on to be motivated for success if not someone else will speak up and take charge.  