One topic that is frequently debated is "Does true self-esteem come from praise or does it come from achievement". Some people think, that praise that is given for deficient work undermines learning by lowering standards. They believe that the source of true self-esteem is achievement. I believe that the source of true self-esteem is by praising a student's work because that could help them grow more independent. By praising a student's work, they are going to be able to; work efficiently independent, have a bigger self-confidence, and learn better. First reason, When a student's work is praised that helps them achieve there work more efficiently. It emphasizes that they are capable of working independent and being able to have a good job. When someone is praised for their work, it makes them feel good and makes them want to do more work. A student's work should not get praised for their work if they didn't put any effort in the work because that would just make them want to not put any effort in the work, because they will think that they would get the same grade as someone that actually tried and actually wanted to get a good grade for something that they put so much effort into. Second reason, When a student has a big self-confidence that helps them get their work done more constant and with more effort because they know that they can do it and that are capable of having a good grade. When a student is willing to put a lot of effort into the work. Their work should be more praised. Praising a student's work can help them have a by self-confidence, which can help the students learn more. When a student is willing to learn that is the true motivation that is considered being able to achieve more work and do it more efficiently and with more confidence. Third reason, When a student are willing to learn a lot and are always on track, paying attention, and turning in work on time. And always putting a lot of effort in school, those kinds should always be recognized and praised, because they show how mature they are and how willing they are to graduate and have a good job. If a student is willing to learn and put a lot of effort in work, that makes them mature because it shows how willing they are to learn. Other students don't care if they graduate or not because for them being "popular" and not listening to the teacher, and disrupting the class and doing what ever they want it more important than learning and getting an education. Having a strong self-confidence, being independent and willing to learn more are some examples of praising a student's work. When a teacher shows an appreciation to their students it shows that they care about them, and it shows that they are willing to help them carry on and push them forward and being their when they need it, and that makes the students want to go to class every day and want to learn because the teacher is fun and knows how to work with students very well. And that is why it is good to praise a student's work.  