Albert Schweitzer said, "Example is not the main thing in influencing others; it is the only thing." Influencing others with your own behavior is the best example you can give. The example of showing someone your actions than your words is the best way to be an influence. The actions as words are powerful over another's person life, but I think that the actions are the best way to show someone who you really are. I agree with Albert Schweitzer because it is the best way to influence others by showing and doing your own behavior. People follow others because they like the other person's personality does not matter is it good or bad. We have always been influenced in our lives by our family, society, school, and now more than anything the social media. Some people might not agree with Albert Schweitzer because they might say people are what they want to be not necessary being influence for someone. Also, other people might say that people act and react to situations depending on how they feel at the moment and how the situation was based on. However, I believe that people are always being influence for someone else without maybe they're noticing, that is why I think there is always someone looking at us, and maybe we are not paying attention, but our actions and reactions is the only example we can give to others to follow. I also believe that actions speaks louder than words, that is why for us to be the influence over someone else's life there is nothing better than our own behavior. We all have our own personality, likes and dislikes and sometimes those "likes and dislikes" can be an influence for someone else. In my opinion people's actions are really important and have a powerful influence over others. Albert Schweitzer said, "Example is not the main thing in influencing others; it is the only thing." I believe this is true because at some point of our life we have been influence for someone else looking at how they are and what they do. It is like when someone asks a child," what do you want to be when you become an adult".  