Explain how small acts of kindness can have an impact on others? Did you know that if you pick up trash out of your way or someone else way you can actually help them think about why did they not pick up trash? Act of kindness are everywhere from picking up trash to doing your brother or your sisters chores one day they will realize something about why you wash their dishes every day. I think kindness is the most important personality of a human being why I think kindness is an important personality? You can change peoples mind or the way how they think about some stuff, for example if you can help someone to get across street when there is too much traffic you are doing an act of kindness, and you can help change other kids minds by making them think about their parents who are trying to cross the street trust me they will jump right in. One important thing about kindness is that you always need to have a positive set of mind that means that if someone is asking you for help jump right in and help him don't just answer "I don't know" if you actually don't know where the place is tried asking someone else if they know about the place the other person is talking about. Some people take kindness negatively only some people and at a certain time some people like to do stuff on their own, and sometimes they like their own time and own place and own work they don't have any help from others like me sometimes I like to do stuff on my own, but sometimes I need someone to help me. I would like to help people in need for example; taking out someone else trash, helping my new neighbors settle in the community, and mow my new neighbors lawn. Kindness can open many opportunities some people even think that kindness is a part of their religion and I really think it should be a part of every religion because it can really help you and people around you, and you can change each other's mind or opinion on one thing by kindness, all this thing just does not sound it is possible, but it could be. To be honest I think that kindness is one of my superpowers if you ask me but sometimes it's not, but those times without kindness goes by quickly with kindness on your side you can become anyone you want and be a bigger person that everyone. In these days people who understand kindness they are actually showing kindness, and they are also telling us to be kind to each other. I feel like kindness has become a big part of peoples life in 2019-2020 and I expect the same or more amount of kindness over generations and I also feel like that the person who really teaches us kindness in childhood is our parents.