Have you ever gone to a place that you have never been before ? What activities did you do to keep yourself occupied ? The activities I would do is sight see, swim, and climb or walk to where I want to go. If I could go any place in the world it would be Jamaica because there are many places you could go to do activities, there is a variety of food, and different types animals. I would go to Jamaica because there are many places to go to do activities like a mountain or a beach. There are many activities I would like to do at a beach or mountain. I would swim at a beach, so I could feel the fresh water. I would also climb the mountains to feel the fresh air. Furthermore, I would want to sigh see at the top of a mountain. Since there are creatures in the water I could look for them. I would like also just laying on the sand and enjoy the weather. I would also go to Jamaica because there is a variety of food. Furthermore, I could find the variety of foods in restaurants, on tropical trees, and in a creek. Furthermore, I could find rice and beans in restaurants. Furthermore, I could find coconut and banana on a tropical tree. Furthermore, I could also find crayfish in the water and other fish. If you catch a crayfish or regular fish I would fry it. If there is a variety of foods then I could change my eating style while I am there. Lastly I would go to Jamaica because there are different types of animals. I would probably find chickens or other birds that fly or run. Also, I could find stray dog that roam around the streets. I would like to find fish that have claws or fish that have fins. I might find frogs that are poisonous and ones that are not. Furthermore, I think I could find goats roaming around eating peoples plants. Furthermore, I could also find snakes that have fangs or are poisonous. I would go to Jamaica because there are many places to go to do activities, variety of foods, and different types of animals. This place is unique compared to others and also this place has lot of nature. This is why I would want to go to Jamaica If I could go to any place in the world.  