There are people who are not happy with the career path they took. People wished that they could have done something to change what they do for a living and do something they will be truly happy with. There are people who are sad and depressed on the job they have now. It takes time, focus, and motivation for a student to find the career they truly would want to take in the future. Not everyone is the same there are people who need a long period of time to find out what they would want there career to be. Students might love to do multiple things but can't find out which one to do as there career. Sometimes the students needs to have the experience and see how it is with their own experience. Students should not be pushed and forced to pick a career so quickly. Not everyone is able to be like that. Not most students can afford the right education for the career they are being forced to take; therefore the whole time the high schools have been forcing them and guiding them towards a specific career it would all have been a was of time because they could have not afford the right education for that career. If student are being forced in studying a career they don't want to do and then can't afford the right education to do that they are going to be unhappy, and they will b forced to go downhill to a job they would never imagine them doing. And in doing so when they are doing something that they never imagined themselves doing then depression and regret will start happening. With the job they are being forced into doing they might not be able in doing it. For example if a student is being forced in a scientific field of learning, but they know that science isn't there strong suit they will have a hard time and start having a hard time in that field. Students know what is best for them and know what will benefit them and find a path that would be best for their needs. Some people might say that having students pick a career at a young age will help them in the future because it will give them more time so strengthen that career and become very good at it. What people don't understand is that some students might not be interested in that and would want something they would b happy with, so they can improve on the stuff they know they are good at and have a lot of skill in. Students have the right and the liberty in choosing a career they would want to do for the rest of their lives they don't need to be pushed into doing it they should take as much time as they need to find what is it that would make them happy.