Do you image a Middle School student being in you classroom and telling you what you shouldn't do so you don't get introduce I you future at school? Have you ever though what you can do to stay out of trouble in school? You might always have that one friend that gets introduce a lot of right? Ways you can prevent that from being you is tried to prevent from getting into a fight that would just make it a bad idea, if you know someone that is doing what they are not so post to tell a teacher, don't make a poor choice, and you get introduce because you decided that you were going to do something that your friends wanted you to do. When you get into a fight in school the only thing that that will do to you is get you into in school suspension, or you would get suspended from school for a while. You don't want to get in school suspended that would just get you in a room with a teacher, and you are not going to be able to talk to anyone. If I were you and I knew that someone wants to get into a fight I would bell the teacher and let them handle it not you. Another thing that if you do while there is a fight at your school, and you record it you could get in trouble by that as well. If you know something is wrong with a friend, and they need help from an adult I would tell a teacher at school that can help them or there parents if you know them. If you try to help a friend by talking to the person that made your friend feel upset you could feel a friends mom or some adult you know close to your family. When you made a poor choice it could get you in a lot of trouble when you are hanging around with friends, and they want to do something that's not a good choice you could talk to them and tell them that is not going to be a good idea. A lot of times when kids make a poor choice they would have to face the consequences, and they may not like them, but they should have thought the things two times before they made there design. There are so many ways that you can stay our of trouble but these three are the most common ones that I know of try not to get into a fight, help out your friends or tell an adult if they need help from someone, and don't make poor choices.