Should people make their own decisions, or should they seek guidance from experts and authorities about life's important matters? No people should not make their own decisions because sometime people need more opinions with thing they do. Like if they want to watch a move they can ask others on what to watch, and they can help you out. Some people will say it's your life do what you want, make your own decisions, but it is not that easy. I feel like sometime it's better to get guidance from other people, like my parents or older siblings because they are older and have been through some of the thing I have gone through. Sometimes things get hard in life, and you are going to need help, we all as people need someone in life to help guide us through thing that may be bad. If you don't know what you want to be in life then you can think about things you like or get help from someone that you know that had that career. There is always going to be someone to go to for help even though people will say it's better to work by your self because you will not make any mistakes, but we all make mistakes. There was a kid named Generic_Name he was a smart kid he always got A and B in school Generic_Name really never talked to no one. People though that he was ward because did every thing by him self and never talked to others he did not even talk to is mom. One day a kid named Generic_Name went up to Generic_Name and started bushing him and every one was just watching and not doing anything about it. Generic_Name got mad and ran away and started crying he did not like what had happened Generic_Name did not want to tell the teacher because he thought it was going to get wars, so he just stayed quiet. The next day Generic_Name wanted to take Generic_Name lunch money, Generic_Name was scared, so he gave it to him and walked away people still did not do anything about what was happening. Generic_Name kept on thinking he can do it by him self and that Generic_Name will stop, but he did not stop Generic_Name though he needed no help, but he did so one day a kid his name generic_Name came up to Generic_Name and told him "he needs to talk to someone about this because he was getting bulled". Generic_Name did not know what to do because he always tries to solve all his problems by him selfGeneric_Name told him "you need to tell his mom" Generic_Name started thinking if he tells his mom it will get wars. The next day he went to his mom and told her he was getting bulled his mom was not happy about that, so she asked Generic_Name who is bullying you Generic_Name said" a kid for school his name is Generic_Name". She told Generic_Name she will come to the school and talk to the principal, and we can end this, so she came to the school and talked to Generic_Name's principal about it, they called Generic_Name and Generic_Name, so they can talk about this Generic_Name said "he only did that because he wanted to be friends with Generic_Name and get help in class but didn't know how" so Generic_Name said" sorry" and they both became friends and Generic_Name even help Generic_Name with work. Generic_Name was happy that he talked to his mom because he could not do it alone, and he was happy that Generic_Name gave him that advice, and he was happy that he made a new friend.  