I agree that people should get the help, so they can make great decisions. Because the other person could probably be wrong with something's. Also, the other person doesn't have any saying in your life, if you don't want them to. And you are the only person who can change the outcome of your life. Even so you the main person in your life, It's okay to hear others out even though they are wrong sometimes or if they are sometimes right. The first reason is that it's okay if you don't want the other person's help. But you should hear them out, so you can get something out of thing. For example my friend Generic_Name, she loves to write stories and love to sing, and dance, but she too embarrassed to do what she loves. So one day I gave her some ideas, but she didn't want any, because she doesn't want to do them, but next day, she gave some of my ideas a try, and she like it but still don't want to do it anymore. But long as she listened that good enough for me. The second reason is people don't have any saying in your life, yes it's true, but there's people willing to help you through your life. But it only depends on you, if you want their help or not. For an example my sister Generic_Name doesn't want help from me nor our parents. But It's okay, because she knows that we want to help her, because we care about her, so we will not stop trying to help her. But there are times she let us help her out with her life, and that's good. Longs she lets us in her life, that's good enough for us. Last reason is you still are the main person in your life, so no matter what you do your life, just remember it your life is your alone, and you are the only one who can change the outcome of your future. Even If you want the help of others or not. For example, I'm 18 years ago, and I'm still having problems in my life, but there are people that are willing to help me, but I'm scared at no matter what I'm still feeling down with stuff. But no matter what they are still willing to help me. And I'm happy, so yeah that's good for me. So basically, NO MATTER WHAT THERE'S ALWAYS WILL BE PEOPLE WHO Want TO HELP YOU. So It's good to get some advice and wisdom from others. Even though you don't want the help, It's still good to get some advice from others.