75% of the time students graduate early to go to college. Matter of fact I believe that students should graduate in three years and work, because they would save money for college, they will be mature for college, and they would have time management skills. This will help students gain lots of opportunities before college. First, students would have the opportunity to save money for college. Some students like to get a loan for college, because they don't have enough money, and parent's can't support him/her. But if students get a loan for college, then they would have to pay it back after college. If students get out of school in three years, then they have the chance to work and save money for college. Students won't need a loan if they work, and the parents would not have to worry about the money. This is good, because students would have to rely on themselves, and have responsibilities. This will show others that you matured, and will make your parents proud. Secondly, students who work will be more mature, because they would have to rely on themselves, have lots of responsibilities, and they would understand the outside world better. Some students who graduate early tend to be 17 years old. If they do the one-year work force, then they would gain money and become more mature. Maturity matters, because students need to understand how to turn in work to their professor on time. Being mature will make you an adult, and make others take you serious, not a joke. Some students get bullied, because they are younger than everyone else, and we do want that happening to anyone. But if you do work that one year you graduate early, then you will get into college the same year your friends are, and you won't have to worry about being alone. Lastly, Some students don't turn in school work on time. Work could gain the student time-management skills, because they would have to be at work on time, do what they have asked to do on time, and never be late. Time management skills will help you in school by, turning things on time, not being late to class, and sleeping early for the class you have the other day. Time management skills isn't only for being late and turning work in on time, time management is also important for setting a time to sleep and to wake up. It also helps you by having a time for each thing you do, like studying, working, playing, relaxing, and sleeping. If you have all of that set, then you don't have to worry about being late or not turning anything on time, because they would already have the time management skills, and you would be used to it already. I believe that others might disagree with me and say that students should go to college right away, but with all due respect I believe that students would gain a lot of opportunities if they work before going to college, because if you go to college, and you aren't mature enough, then you will struggle. In conclusion, I believe that students who work before going to college, will gain a lot in life, and they will be ready for college. Because they wouldn't have to worry about paying the loan off after college, they would have a better time management skills than others will, and they will become more mature by being responsible and handling it themselves. 