The Character of beyond my control it takes influence to make it right. This prompt support that I am able to have my own character. The British naturalist is right because people make bad choice sometime it doesn't mean they are bad. My character will show that how much I can do the right thing. Influence beyond control your mind but it means you have to strong and kind to others. I control myself to do bad and good things I can only control me and my action that can be an issue. I make mistake and l can learn from my own mi stack that are right. This is also supporting how I act to other and be truth to myself. Sometimes you don't have to be selfish but their many selfish human being that do the wrong things, and they know what they're doing even that were wrong. I tell myself that you are not perfect but doing the right things that isn't issue, but the issue is when people take it wrong way, and you can't do or said anything's. If i really things about that what is my character I'll be able to said that I am not perfect but I do the right things and I care about other people feeling may hurt by me and action and influence that I can control myself to not make mistakes that I'll regrade later. I support that my character is influence because I control myself and the rest of is you body do the rest in science that are study knowledge about human body, but it's nothing to do with this, but your character tell you how to choose and be yourself. Sometimes I am not proud of whom I am, but it's not about who you are it about what you do and what you said. I can control myself to do the right thing and their many teenagers that doesn't know how to be yourself because it takes lots of controlling your character. Your character tell you to support your response to other that you choose away you can control yourself. My character will show that how much I can control myself to be myself and not to be the person that other want me to be. I can't give up I have to be positive to myself and other and not to things negative went I have to thing positive to myself. I do agree with this quote because my character will be what I can just be myself and choose the right thing to make it right. My character makes me who I am now even went I wasn't my self. My pass what make me more strong and to be brave to control my self to choose make it all the way. It wasn't easy I work really heard to be the person that I am now my Jersey the reasons that I know how to be able to controlling my self. Life isn't easy to know everything you have to though your self to live in this world there many people even don't know what is to be able to love yourself and do the right thing. The British naturalist and politician and John Lubbock wrote this quote and I do believe that I can control what I said and I also control what are my action are that not unless to me because it's important to me by influence beyond control take a position on this issue. For example I did lost control went I am not thinking positive and choosing to be negative that's why people need to know how to be able to control them self. Thinking positive isn't force it's come by influences and the people you around with not always the round with their know how to control them self, but it is not them that you can't depend on you have to learn your own and not all people are bad to hanging out with. I believe that one person can change the hold world just by their bravery and thinking positive to them self I may not be preface but I know how to control myself just by thinking positive and think before I said or do anythigs. Some teen that are don't know how to control them self, but you really don't have to know how to control your self they're many reasons influence that control you self that you don't have control over what you have is you control you I know went i first no cite that I have to make everything right, but it is not what I have change it is what I am. Character influence beyond and it takes many reasons to be able to do the right thing I support that influence do control our character that we have, and it make it more harder to believe that I know what is the right and wrong thing as the time goes but my responses has to be the same I can't change what other people do or said but what I can do is just be myself and think positive that what makes it my character right. Character formed by influence beyond my control I do have many reasons to support this prompt do I choose my own character formed that is real by influences beyond control that I have over myself is my action and my thoughts that able to do the right thing as my character choose to be make it right. John Lubbock was right I do control my character formed by influences beyond that my brain tells me to do. It is possible to my character will be what me and myself choose to make it right, my responses with this prompt that is I can control my character will be show as I think positive and do the right thing to improve my self that I can control my to be make it through all the way as I'm using character formed by influences beyond. I can control my actions and my thoughts that will not hurt other but if they're, someone is not nice to me, I can just use my positive thought and positive mind to control my negative thoughts and use my positive thoughts not to be bad as their to me. I do also support this prompt I am controlling myself to be the person that I am and not to be the person that what other people want you to be. My influences that control my action that I am able to do the right thing and think positive as same time my understanding one another that support that what others may feel. I choose to make it right because that is who I am, and it makes me stronger every time I am controlling my action and that may not be the problem as the response stay the same ans I am supporting this because I also do believe in myself that I do really can think positive and do the right things by influence beyond my control.