Many schools are agreed that students can finish high school in three years. Many students think that is a good idea to finish high school in three years. Some students think that they are waste time in four years in high school. In my opinion is a good idea to finish high school in three years, because the students can take class before school or after school, then, they can graduate in three years instead four years, instead elective courses, the students can take class, they need for graduate, and the students will have more time to go to college. The students can take class before school or after school, and they can graduate in three years instead four years. The students can come one hour early, before school start, and they can take class every day of school, or they can stay one hour after school to take the class. However, some students think that is tired to come early to the school, or stay after school.Instead, elective courses, the students can take classes, that they need for graduate. The students can use the time, that they use for the elective courses, they can use it for the classes they need for graduate. The elective courses it does not prepare to the students for college, and the regular classes prepare them for college. If the students finish high school in three years, they will go early to the college. The students will have more time to study in college. The students will have time to think, what they want to study in college. Also, the students can finish very early their career. However, some students think, they need four years in high school for to be very prepare for college. The students will have time to think, which college they want to go. I believe that is better finish college in three years, because the students get more time to go to college, so, when they finish their career. Then, they can study another career, because they will still young. If, the students stay four years in high school, they will not have enough time to study two careers. If, them finish two career, they will have a lot of opportunities to get a good job, and have a good pay.