We do not choose our own character, if everyone gets to choose their own character nobody will have any bad people in this world, everyone would be full of good things because they will be able to pick their characteristics. If everyone had the same characteristics' life would not be as good as it is now. Each person has different characteristics based on their culture, environment, childhood makes difference in their character. These are the three main reasons that differentiate people's characters, and makes them good in their own way. Each person has had a different childhood which is an important part of people's characters. Childhood is very important because it is the base of the building this is where person starts building their knowledge. Childhoods can effect kids when they grow up in a lot of different ways. A lot of teachers in the Middle East hit their students when they do not do homework or get a bad grade on a test, this makes the students not wanting to go to school and hating school because they get hit in front of their friends, this does not give students enough confidence which is going to effect their characters in the future. Children who spend hours and hours on video game and making online friends, this make them anti-social people when they get older. People's environment such as work place, friends has a lot of effects on their characters. If a person has a lot of bad friends that person's character is not going to be the same as a person who hangs around with good friends, for example if a guy has friends who do drugs even if it does not do them step by step they are going to get him to do it and that will start making changes in his character, on the other hand if a person has good friends who tell him let's go to the library to read or study that will have a positive effect on that person’s character. In work if a person is working and his manager yells at him that will lower his self-confidence and have a negative impact on his character. Culture has a big impact on a person's character in a lot of different ways. Culture is what is going on around the person and what he believes in or does not believe in. Sometimes cultures effect the person's character in good ways sometimes in bad ways. Culture makes people religious, pray and be good people. Sometimes culture does not give the person the freedom they need for example, in the Middle East sex before marriage is not allowed which makes a lot of difference in peoples characters making them do secret stuff and not being able to communicate with the other gender because they are not even allowed to talk to each other because of culture. In conclusion people do not get to choose their character. People's character is formed by a lot of different things such as environment, culture and childhood these are the most important to form a person's character. At the end of the day all characters are good in their own way, the difference between people is what makes them stand out and complete each other. This is a very important topic, and it means a lot to me and other people Thank You for giving me the change to talk about it.  