It has been said that working with a group benefit more than working alone because it can be more fun. Have you ever been in a situation where you feel alone, and you don't want to do any homework? I agree that working with teammates can help us feel better, and they push us to be better. Although some say working alone is beneficial because we don't waste our time, actually working with a group is more beneficial because we can share information and work fast. Some say that working alone is beneficial because we don't waste our time. Working alone can save our time because we can work at home, we don't need to wait for the rest of the group or even go somewhere else. For example, last year, my Science teacher gave us a group assignment where we needed to meet each other outside of school. That day my group and I talked where to see each other, then we went to Generic_Name's house. We enjoyed talking and eating, but we never talked about the project. All I can say, we all just waste our time. However, working with a group is more beneficial because we can share information. It is true that many heads think better than one because if one comes with an idea then all together discuss it. Furthermore, some children think better if one person gives them an idea. For example, before doing a class work I always have to ask my teacher if what I'm thinking is correct because my mind gets freeze out. Working alone doesn't help in answering doubt that we could have. Also, working with a group is a great benefit because we can work fast. All the group can work at the same time, some can do the posters, others can look for information, and the rest can divide the information about what theme each one is going to talk during the presentation. A survey showed that a faster way to work is working in groups because all the team can work in different areas at the same time. It means that working with a group is a great benefit, it helps us to have better thoughts. Working with a group can bring joy to our soul by making new friends. We can work and have fun, also working with a team is great because we can talk not just about the project, but our lives. Moreover, a group work can make learning more passionate. In conclusion, working alone is beneficial because it can save our time, actually working with a group is more beneficial because all the group can share information and that can bring a faster work. Thank you for taking your time to read my paper, I hope you understand why I prefer working with a group.