School should add one and a half hour to school each day. Because student will get to learn more, student can get more help from teachers, also student can do more sports.First, student will learn more if school board add one and a half hour to their school day. Probably student will learn more because their classes will be extended. Also, they can get more time in each class, so they can get more information and learn more about each subject. Also, they will have the opportunity to do more activity in class. And learn how to work with others. And listen to different opinions and get to a conclusion, For example if some students are good in an activity and others are not that good. They can have the time to work as a group and explained what they are good at and what they need more help, so they all can help each other. They will also have time to work by them self. And passing their SOL. Secondly, student can get more help from teachers. It will benefit all the student in the school, because some student need more help and different subjects. So they can have the time to go to their teachers and get some help. For example some student needs help in Math, English,civic etc. But some students are better in that subjects. So they can use one and a half hour to do another period. In that period student can go to the classes that they need more help. It will be better for some student because each student are different. And learn in a different way. It does not mean that others are smart. It means that some students learn better in small groups. Some students learn faster than others. Extending school it will help them get their grades up, By retaking quizzes and test and finish unfinished work. They can get help in homework too because homework is like practice, they can practice what they learn in class and get a better score in quizzes and testsFinally, student can have the time to do more sports. With some of their schoolmates. They can have different sports. For example soccer, basketball,baseball, kickball and more sports. Student can make a vote, for what sports they would like to be in. They can learn new skills and get better by playing that sport. And get more healthy because they are playing a sport. Because a big percent of student used a lot of their technology at home and don't do any sports. By extending school it can motive them, by doing some sports with their friends. They can play a lot of sports and see which sport they prefer to play, and see in which sport they are good at. They can do more activity for example Art, photographing for people that like to be creative. In conclusion extending school it will benefit student in different ways. For example getting help from their teacher, so they can get better in that subject and get good grades, Getting more time in class, They can get more information. Finally, playing sports, they can be healthy and have a hobby that they like to do after all the information that they had learned during the day, some people like to do different activity like Art photographing.  