Students committing to a career when they about to enter high school is by far a great idea. From elementary to middle school students are allowed to choose what they want to study toward a specific career or what they want to be. When kids are still in elementary they can say what they want to be, but they can not choose the class for the specific reason because they are still kids. But when it comes to middle school students they can choose what class they want to take for a specific career they have in mind. Student can commit to a career when they enter high school, but they do that when the student already know what they want to be or what they want to do by the time they enter high school so the student at they would be committing to what the student want to do so the person doing so chooses the class the person want to study. Students committing to a career is a great idea when you really want to do it. Committing to earthen elementary students are in 5th grade they start carefully thinking about what they are going to do, because when they are in 5th grade it their last year in elementary school, so they have to think about what they want to do. When they enter middle school and that when students from elementary school start thinking about their choice and taking their career choice serious, because that when they start thinking what they want to do in the near future. Elementary students have 4 years when they take class that are chosen for them in the 4 years they study just to get good grade, but they do not think about choosing the class for themselves. But when it comes to 5th grade they still study the class that are chosen for them except that when they start to think what if I could choose the class that I want to study for my career or what kind job I am going to study to be able to get that job and that how they start committing to a career .when it comes to elementary school students. Middle school students are commit to career because they are teens, and they have to think about a lot of things that they want to do personally when it comes to career or what they want to be when they grow up that when they start. Committing to career start in elementary, but mostly it begins for real in middle school because that when young teens start taking class like algebra, earth science, biology , world history, etc. When middle school students start taking these class students think only about passing so that they can not repeat that class and some just want to pass the class but mostly it's about passing the class so that they can be able to get credit, and that leads to taking the class they will help that person career or what kind of career they are into. When looking you will find a lot of teens thinking about their career. The career they want to commit to and some teens do change want they want to be, but still they are committing to it, and they can just change if they do not want to do it. For some reasons young teens around the world that are still in middle school are already commit to a career and that is a good thing right most of them are really into it, and they are taking their career far enough. So far like 10,00 teens are most famous because of their career that they are doing now, and they take serious because they like, and they are good at it mostly middle school teens. These days they are unstoppable for what they sometimes do they are good more than adult at committing to career when it comes to what they want to do in life. Some people might argue that students identify a career by the time they enter high school, because they think some students can not do that when it comes to committing to career they think that young teens can not do it. Because technology has taken the mind of teens. They say that teens can not do anything because all they think about is technology and all the things they do they always use technology, so some people do not believe that teens this day can commit to anything i. Many people believe that it is hard for teens to commit, because they can not take responsible for what they do and some think that they are so mature. When it comes to committing to career the parents thinks it how they act at home that why they can not commit to career and some thinks it how they behavior when they are in school. Some people believe that teens can not commit to a career, because they do not know what to do and some thinks that young teens can not do it because they change their mind most of their time on settling on what they want to do. Bunch of people believe that teenager can not do it because they quite so early and so easily anyway a lot of people do say that can can not be a good generation because they do not know what to do. But it does not mean that all teenager are bad some might change when they grow up and some might not change, because they just do not want to change consoling the thing they might have gone through so for these people. Who believe that some teens can not commit might be wrong because people change teenager hood do change as well. For these who believe in change I as well believe in change people do change, and they can commit to what they want to commit to as well as job, career, family or love. People believe in what they want to believe in, so I say that commit takes responsible, but I know that we teenager can change the world and show them that not all teens are the same and keep believing in what career you want to commit to because committing is not an easy thing to do expressly when you are a young teen or kids. I know people say that we can commit to what we want, but not everyone is good at committing to a career when it comes to young and committing to something that is bigger than your own head or mind. So keep believing in what you want to commit to because once you found it I know for sure whatever it is you will success, because we you teens work hard for our dream.