It is true that as soon as you stop learning, you stop growing as a person. Learning is what we spend most of our human lives doing; when you stop learning, you almost stop living -because what are you going to do then? Do the same things over and over again? You will always eventually reach a point when you are not even satisfied with what you do and know. I think we all have struggled with dissatisfaction at many points of our lives, it is as if we have reached a point where we do not know what to do next. Satisfaction restricts creativity; you start doing the same things over and over again, and like a scratched disc, the music gets irritating. Life gets irritating. The stuff that used to bring us joy have been overdone and gotten boring, we need something new. We are always looking for something new. We never reach complete satisfaction. It is part of our nature, curiosity. Even the things you are passionate about will lose their meaning. We need to do other stuff that we are not as passionate about to know what we are actually passionate about. Imagine me, a two-year guitar player with dreams of become a musician/music producer, going to college to study music and only music (mastering the guitar and only the guitar). It might be a bit unrealistic, we all know we have to take multiple classes to get a degree, but imagine if that was my only things. How will I bring something new to the table when all I know is what the past musicians have discovered and put together? My only option is to replicate and do over what has been done. I will need to find a new inspiration, a new thing to influence my music besides my music studies. This new inspiration will affect how my art grows, which is a reflection of how much I have grown as a person. We need growth. Limiting what you do, causes you to shrink. I have always put limits to the kind of people I can become friends with. It was not always much of a choice, but now it is. I have reached points where I could not be with anyone because I was stuck in a group of people that I did not like. I still get to those points sometimes, and I get sad very easily because I am unsatisfied with my friendships. Dissatisfaction has become a normal and almost natural part of my existence, which makes life much harder than it has to be. You complicate the human experience, and it makes you shrink as a person, something you should avoid doing (you should always be going after growth). Limitation in most cases is not a good thing. Sure, many might say mastering on something that you love takes you through all the processes you need to grow as a person, but that is putting limits to how you grow and what you love. We can learn to do new things that we love and get to know ourselves better. There are always parts of you that you do not know or have not discovered because you limit your loves. As has been said before, we need to get to know things that we do not love to know what we love; it makes everything you love much more meaningful when you have to get to know something that you do not like. Doing things beyond what we have mastered helps us to grow and be happier. Once you stop doing and learning, dissatisfaction (and sadness) consumes your life and leads to a dangerous path. Emerson was right and very wise about what he stated. We should always be going after growth.