Should some school offer distance learning for students to attended classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. Some people are agreed with these class, because classes in online it's benefit and better for students, students can learn more, students can do a better work, and students can have a more time for to spend with the family. If the students will, can study in classes online they can have a big opportunity, and they can follow his dreams and has the all they want to do, or they want to have. One reason it's classes in online is benefit and better, students can learn more, and they can have in the house because they can do a time for make all things they needed make, for example I want to graduate, and I want to follow study, but it's difficult for me because I don't have time for anything I can't make my homework, and study for my quiz. I need to work for buy my things, pay my house and my car. It's for these reason that If refer class online, with these class I can have a lot of time for me, and I can make my things and I can do the two things study and work. The second reason is the students can do a better work, and they can have a better grade. They can turn in a good homework or project with more information explained. For example when the students have more time, they can make a better work, because they are unfocus in his obligation like homework and projects, and they want to be a good student is for that they can do effort for turn in a good projects with the use the internet. They can do a good investing for make a homework they can find a lot of information, if the students are a relax, and they have a time they only need to study a few hours' now is like in the school. In the school is more tired because they need to wake more early, and they need to do a lot of homework in the many classes. But if they study classes in online it's easier not it's very hard like in the school. Some people say that the classes online it's a lost time the student do not make anything in his house, when they have classes online they lost time. For example, when they are in the house they play with the cell phone, or they are using his phone for other things, and they not study and not learning like in the school. However, the classes in online is wonderful because is a way to spend with the family because they can make a day fun with them and make different things like play football, with a movie, they can go to the cine mark and other places that they prefer. In conclusion class online it's benefit from being able to attend classes from home. Because students can learning more, students can do a better work, and students can have a more time for to spend with the family. This is important and benefit because students can make a lot of things, and they have a more time for making a lot of things whatever they want. If the students take a class online this is benefit for them and have a lot advantages, and they can do the both things work and follow study in online classes, and they can follow the goals like find a good job and finish his studies. 