One topic is frequently debated is whether should your school follow this model by extending the school day two hours? Some people think that because students can learn more. They feel that because if the school extending two hours more, we can have more time with our friends. I believe that because you can do homework, expending time with your friends, and learn more. One reason why the school days can extend two hours is because a lot of students need help with their class, teachers can help us to pass the class and that it is good time the students think about, if they want to graduate they can make an effort to pass the class and don't distract other people in the classroom. Students have bad grades because they don't listen to the teacher while she's explain. We have bad grades because the class is boring, or the teacher is great with the students, and she doesn't say anything when we are using our phones. Second reason why the school days can extend two hours is because you can participate in school activities or, you can play in some games like Soccer, American football, basketball, and you can have more time with your friends and helping the soccer team. You can help to clean the school and decoding some classroom, or you can stay in the library and help to organize the books or doing homework, and we can use the computers to search and find what book we want to read. Third reason why the school days can extend two hours is because some students want to stay in the school doing projects or homework because they don't have time to do in their home some of they go to work, and others students have a lot of homework from the others class, and that's one reason why the teachers be mad with the student because they did not do his homework, and the students explain why he not did that homework we have a lot of homework from the others class and I don't have too much time to do all the homework I have because at night I got to the bed early and the next day some teachers give me more homework and that's why I don't do your homework. The last reason why the school days can extend two hours is because some students need help with their homework, they need to practice more to understand the class but the most important thinks that students need to have are good grades and pass all the test to graduated, if they have very good grades the school will give a certificated to saying we are proud of you, and your family will give to you some gifts because they are proud of you, and you will graduate without trouble and then any university will accept to you because they will see your grades of your colleges and see how good you was in your class. In conclusion why the school days can extend two hours is because most students want to stay in the school to participated in activities of the school or participated in some football teams.