There are people in every part of the world that, they can not be retracted based on what they say, or on what they have done as a result of their acts giving in their first impressions. The first impressions can give to a people in an idea, feeling, or an opinion. A people can hurt someone else feeling based on their opinion, because they do not think what adequate words they're going to say. And when they want to fix the problem may be too late. The first impressions are almost impossible to change, because people can hurt someone else feelings and cause people change. First impressions can hurt people's feelings in fact, I did to my sister yesterday. My sister and I were talking about her wedding yesterday, her wedding is next year in April, and we are preparing for her best day ever. We have to look for her dress and all the things that she is going to use for that day. She is like my second mother, and I want to make sure she looks beautiful on that day. While we were talking and looking for dresses on the internet, she saw a wedding dress, and my first impression was like, no that dress is ugly, and I told her she was going to look like a real skull in dress, because she is skinny. But I never thought I was going to hurt her feelings in my first impression, the dress was ugly, even though she liked, but I wanted for her the pretties dress for her wedding. I felt badly for her, because I did not think my words before I said to her. I told her sorry, but she was little upset about me for the words I said to her, as I always say, what people say is what they receive. Lately my sister did not talk to me, I was sad, and I talk to her, I apologized for the words I said. She told me it was okay, that I did not mean to said it. My sister and I, we are happy now. In the following manner, my friend Generic_Name invited me on her birthday and Her friend told me that I was looking ugly, and that I was an ugly and slow girl, in front of her other friends, her impressions about me hurt my feelings. She retracts based on what she said, but it was too late, I left from Generic_Name party I went home, and I was little sad, the girl went to my home she wanted to talk to me, she apologized, and I told her she hurt my feeling, but I was fine, and gave her some advises, and she left with this, first impressions are almost impossible to change because hurt someone else feelings. Additionally, first impressions can cause people change, as an example of my best friend I gave her an opinion about her boyfriend. I told her that he does not love her, because I saw him kissing with a girl in the school. She told me I was crazy, I was just jealous because she had the most handsome boyfriend in the whole world. Matter of fact he was cute, but he wanted just play with the girls. My best friend change with me a lot, she did not want to talk to me no more. About the things that I told her. Lately I realized that he had a twin brother I made a mistake, that my first impressions to him was a fatal mistake. After all, I wanted to apologize with my best friend, but she was mad with me. It was impossible to talk with her. I realize that my first impressions about the idea of his boyfriend had changed my friendship with her. Today I just rarely talk with her, it was almost impossible to change my idea, but I did, but my friendship is changed. First impressions cause people change. Some people may say, the first impressions are possible to change immediately, because is not a big deal. They may say that the other people, does not care about their first impressions from them. But this is not case, people always get hurt when they receive a bad impression to them, they make them to change even with themselves. First impressions are almost impossible to change, even if the problem is big. Thus, the first impressions are almost impossible to change, because what people say is not easy to retract. Is not easy to correct the mistakes, is not easy to correct the words that people do not meant say them. If people say their impressions without thinking them, and then apologized that is fine, but sometime is almost impossible to correct the first impressions, because people hurt someone else feeling. Also, there are sensitive people, and they may not forgive people. People may change based on someone else idea, feeling, and opinion. The impressions are almost impossible to change.  