CNA you imagine how good it feels to live by choosing your best character? Choosing our own character for ourselves will never make us regrade it in the future. People choose their own character because, they know that their choice will make them win at the end. When it comes to choosing, it might be as hard as a stone at the beginning because, we are not sure if it is going to work or not. But nothing comes easily if you want the real successful, we need to follow our character. Whenever we choose our own character, we have the confidence to do on what we are planing to do. And when we have the confidence, it is way easier to manage any case that comes to our life. We do not choose our character whiteout knowing ourselves, and that is why it is better to choose our character by knowing what is best for ourselves. For example: Sometimes in life we get so many bad things on our way, but if we choose to take it easy on them by choosing our best character, that helps a lot because it is making our life easier easily without much stressing. As long as we know our character, we will always have the right choice to make, because we know what is going to match with our character or with our wanting. Sometimes when we are planing to get married, we do not just guess to match with our partners, but we choose our character to match with our partner's character, that is because we know that we can choose our character in anyhow that makes us feel the best way to our living. Or sometimes you can fall in love but you partner might have a better character then you, so you decide to change your character by choosing your partner's character, and that is why we should choose our own character. A lot of people choose their character when they start school, because they see a lot of different characters in school, and they start noticing which character belongs to them. Or they can learn from what their teacher teaches them, and we all know that our teachers are always willing to teach us the best behavior and that is why the most students start to choose there character at school. When we choose the character that we want, it helps us find the right people in our life, because we are happier when we find people that are the same as our character without changing our character. You can not pretend to be the character that you do not choose to be, that is just like living a fake life. Life is easier and happier when we follow our own rules. Let's follow our character that we choose to be, no matter what!!. 