The statement that the author Ralph Waldo Emerson wrote about to do something else just to be someone in the world, it is completely an error. I disagree with this statement, since, I believe that every person think differently. For example, people have their own ideas and ways how to do their own business. Everyone can make the biggest impact in the world, but, by doing what they love. Not what others think that it could be beneficial for you. To be someone in a world you should believe in yourself, make right decisions, and success.First, people could enter in your mind by telling you what could be beneficial for your life or carer. Some of them accept their opinion and do what they do not like, or love. For example, when students are thinking in what career they want to study. Parents influence in their choices by telling about what career would be properly for them. However, those "properly careers" it is not in their list of careers they want to study. This action make some teenagers to take that step of let parents choice by themselves. Otherwise, they do not help them to mature or even take responsibilities. Everyone should believe in themselves by doing whatever they love, without any interpose in accomplish their dreams. Since, we have the right to build them, it does not matter if we commit an error. Because of our capacities to avoid them or even get over it and keep going. People has the right to make big choices in life. Making decisions it is hard and important because it could be beneficial, or even worst. However, if you choose with your heart it might be right but by the time you can change your mind. But, you won't regret it about those decisions because as they say, "You have to learn for every error you commit to be success." This means that we learn through the past of the time every fall, because you have to stand up and continue your life. It helps us to growing our knowledge to build a better version of ourselves. Finally, by being confidence to yourself helps you to surpass any obstacle. Believing in your ideas and trying to make it come true, it tells us that you are persisted person chasing for your dreams. Which is quite favorable for person in any career or even job. Because of seeking to be successful at your own way, by do not depend on what others can say. Everyone has a different perspective than others by doing what you love without any "obligation" or to be oppressed. In conclusion, I am not accorded by this statement, since, we have different points of view. However, I believe that every human being can make their dreams come true without any oppression by others. People should stand by themselves by starting to be confidence in their belief. Also, by being patience on making important decisions, since, everything takes time. And, do not be afraid on doing what you love because it brings you to the way to be success.