The first impressions are almost impossible to change. I disagree about that, cause me personal I don't have issues with no one around me. Maybe I can be a little annoying sometimes with my peers, but that doesn't mean that they don't like me. They hang around because they know how I am and what I do when they are around me. In the end of the day it doesn't bother me if they like me or not, because I know they are going to come back and enjoy the day with me. This first impression thing had me thinking about something that happen a long time ago. It's not based on my experienced, but one my best friend's that we go back a long way in middle school. He told me that he didn't like me that much, so we didn't talk too much. He didn't even talk to me when we were around each other, but something happen that change our friendship. There was guy who always was there with him the guy had done something terrible and caught suspended for some time. My friend and I started talking more, after the guy got suspended he told that he didn't like me because I was dating someone he liked that's what happen. My first impressions where good cause everyone that I know are cool with me, but if it wasn't, I could have make-up something to be good with them. This thing about first impressions is not that hard to if you have charisma or personality in you. I never had a hard time making friends, because I have personality and charisma these two things you need to have if you want to be friends with someone or making a first impression. There was a time that I went to talk with my father-in-law that day I was super nervous to even talk to him. In the end my father-in-law was just a great guy we talk about every comment he had to talk. I don't get nervous about nothing, but he was tall and looked like a hard-dude. Even thought I already new him he still looked intimated to look at him. Her wife was the opposite of him she was polluted and nice with me, but I knew that all ready because I have seen her in parties. It was a good impression in the end we broke-up in a few days, but we still friend her mom still remembers me that good. sometimes it is hard to make a good impression with people you know. It has been said that first impressions are almost impossible to change. My conclusion I disagree about that, cause me personal I don't have issues with no one around me. It's just that you need personality and charisma to make a good impression in my opinion. So go and look for that it's not difficult to have that. If you only have personality that good or have charisma that even greater to have, sighing out.  