So if it has come to a point that you don't have to make decisions on your own, even if you have what ever it takes to rule the whole nations, what would you do?. Nothing?, or run away to where you can make your own plans?. NO!. I strongly agree that, people should make decisions on their own. Making decisions on your own can make you stronger. For example, when I realize I was failing my science class. I took a decision on my own by telling myself; I need to pass this class for the rest of the quarter. And I'm doing great now because I put in my mind with all my strength, focused and I'm doing more than amazing. If someone gave me that decision to pass that class, I wouldn't be able to, because I haven't made my mind up to that, and maybe I don't or not into that class. Secondly, you know your challenges to your decision that you make by yourself. For instance, I tried out this year for the school soccer team. I knew it was only 2 option: either you make it or you get cut out. So, me knowing that made me work harder when I get on the pitch. I get pains in my legs when I get home but I also know that, I have done it again tomorrow, so it makes me do extra work home so that I won't be ill but be in shape for the next day. Lastly, sometimes we make a bad decision which help us learn. To prove this, 3 weeks ago, my mom ask me to clean her bathroom for her, also I had a club to attend. Because I knew going to club will be fun and meeting new friends so, I told my mom I'm going to the club instead, and I will clean the bathroom the next day. And so, I went to the party. A friend of mine was a drug dealer: I didn't know, and he was wanted my the police. He came to the same party, and we were sharing the same table. We were drinking, chatting, eating and having fun. All of a sudden, we saw 3 police men that came to arrest my friend but because we were sitting together; we were all arrested because him. If I choose to clean the bathroom this would have not happened to me. The lesson that I learned is that; I don't need to follow my decision every time, and also know who hang around with. As a result, making decisions on our own can make us strong and focused, know our challenges and also learn. If all this ability only get reviewed when we make decisions on our own, why should we seek for guidance from experts and authorities about life's important matters?. Let's people take decisions and do stuff with their own mind set.