Of course that I'm agree with Churchill's statement, because for to have success or to be successful in the life you need to have many failures. No one is perfect, and you don't need to be it for be successful. This quote reminds me when my grandfather used to tell me" Son, if you want to be someone important on the life you're going to have ups and downs, don't matter how many failures you're going to have, but however, in spite of everything you're going to achieve your goals and dreams without matter what other people says about you, the most important is not loss the enthusiasm". I think that if you do your best on everything, and you try to do it better always you're going to achieve your goals. You don't need to do it perfect all the time, because despite everything you always going to have a failure, but that doesn't mean that you're going to stop try to do your best or you're gonna loss all your enthusiasm, it's mean that despite each failure you're going to follow your goal. No matter how many times you need to do it, just try it!!!. The failure plays an important role for be successful, everybody has ups and downs, for example:In the school, if you have a test, and you were studying for that test, but you fail, don't stop just try it again and try to do it better the next time. For a job, if you are searching a new job, and you completed many applications for any job but no one is requesting you for an interview, or unfortunately, you not were accepted on that job, don't matter, you will find another job, just don't loss the enthusiasm. In a relationship, if you like a girl or boy, and you declare your love at her/him, but you not were accepted for her/him or what's worse she/he doesn't like you, don't be sad you will find the right one for you. In a career, if you want to have an important job like lawyer, but you have a failure in the progress, don't loss your enthusiasm you can try with another profession like nurse or another that you like it. In the life, I say in the life because I have a stepfather that he always says that he is right all the time when it's not true, but he never wants to accept that he are wrong and that't a problem, because if you never listen at the other people that are right then you're going to have a failure in the future, for the same reason that you thought that you were right when you don't. Be successful in the life is not something easy at the contrary it's hard because in the progress you always going to have many failures, but however, nothing is impossible in the life with enthusiasm and too much effort you going to achieve many big things, always fight for your dreams and goals. Remember nobody is perfect on this life, and you are strong and intelligent don't matter how many troubles or failures you have just try to do your best and fight for everything that you want. In conclusion to have failures is not bad at the contrary is very good for you because you learn more about how to do it better the next time. My mom always say:" Each failure it's make you stronger and more intelligent ", and the truth that's true, you never going to learn about your error if you don't have a lesson for to learn but everything without loss of enthusiasm.