Ever since you were little, have you ever noticed that your perfect at something as you grew over time? Everyone has a talent or a skill that are common or unique. I have gained a talent over years and I just realized not to long ago. My number one talent I have it dancing hip-hop because I took classes for 9 years and I got inspired by the artist I mostly love. My number one talent is hip-hop. Hip-hop's really been a big part of my dancing life over years. I took classes at a place and just remembered having so much fun and learning new dance moves. Since I started taking classes of hip-hop and learning new things, I thought that this might be the number one thing I might actually be good at. I have once broken my ankle by learning a new dance move. The bone was out of place and the bone was a bit cracked. At that moment I was just thinking about the pain but once I got home and was able to rest, I just had the fear of not being able to dance, and it made my heart shatter into 7. After an 8 or 9 weeks I felt better and was able to dance again. I had to be careful and not hurt myself again. When I first got there I was not a good dancer like most of them. Once I was there for almost a year I learned a lot because they would tell me little secrets of theirs. I got better ever since, and now I teach my closest friend how to dance. I took dance class for 9 years, and it helped me a lot with my dancing skills. I got inspired by the artist I love the most. Ever since 2012 December 22 I found a group of boys that were new. I watched their video's, and I was in love with them. They debuted in 2013 June 13 with their first song called "No More Dream". They were called BTS. There are a seven member group, there stage names are RM, Jin, Sugar, J-hope, Jimin, V, and Jungkook. They are a band from South Korea. Their fans are called ARMY. As years passed by, and they became the biggest boy band in the whole universe and galaxy! I was inspired by their music but also their dancing, which got me more into dancing. I learned all their dance moves from their music video's to their stage performances. They also inspired me to dance more because ever since I was little I liked dancing and over the years I got better, they kept telling me to keep going which I did and that's when I made up my mind. I was now planning to become a back-up dancer for them when they went on tour. I was planning to already become a dancer, so I practiced more. When I became 13 I was able to dance and more like someone was controlling me with strings, like I was a puppet. Now that I am 14 I decided to teach others who wanted to learn how to dance. It's been 9 years of dancing so why not. After learning to dance hip-hop I felt like an animal that's been let back in the wild. Dancing is a big part of life if you love it and enjoy it. BTS has taught people many things but the one line they said about dancing is "There are 2 deaths in life. The first one is when you lose the passion of music and dance and the second one is death. The first death though is more painful." Those are not the exact but very close to the meaning. My number one talent is dancing hip-hop because I took classes for 9 years and I got inspired but the artiest I love the most. What's the one talent that you have, do you actually want to become better or move on.