Has it ever crossed your mind that people today are struggling to make their own decisions, and wanted feedback from other people and just maybe wanted to change their mind. Well people today are just going what their own decisions they make, I am the type of person to ask for some feedback or ask other people about, is this a good choice I'm making, can I do something better than what I did yesterday. I believe that people should take other peoples' guidance from experts and authorities about life's important matter due to people wanting help in the real world, and also tell them about the past, so they do not mess up on there life choices. What is more important the choices you make or the outcome of it? Teenagers about my age need to make better choices, but why you may ask. Today Teenagers are just ruining their own life in school. Teens need to focus on what is right for them making better decisions, like not to drink, help mom out in the kitchen, and do something productive. Teen decisions now can affect the decisions they will sometimes make in the future. For example, I changed one of my friends decisions to not drink because that will cause him in the long run, like ever makes it big and someone sends that picture to social media his life can be ruin. Therefore, I think teens or people should also ask other people that have already or still is living for a better decision in important matters. Why should I go to someone else for a better decision for some dumb reason they are going to give me, wrong. If you ask someone, you should actually listen to see what they have to say and understand the concept. It is better to have someone else opinion on how to change my decisions. Well they have lived longer than you have, they have more experience, and more life choice taking. All I'm trying to say is that in my opinion is that you should always take someone else decision because maybe it will help other people in the long run. Maybe it will lead them to build something amazing, start their brand company. Just something between those lines. Someone else decisions can actually change the person you are right now. I've had so many people bring me down on how I am going to never make it the Army branch. I'm just going to be a lawn mower, a person who just cuts grass for living. Even though they're making money that not my passion. My recruiter told me to never let someone enter your head with bad thought and let them struggle you with these bad thoughts. One of his saying was "yesterday was the past, today is the present, and tomorrow is a mystery". In conclusion People should take other peoples guidance from experts and authorities about matters due to people needing a little more help, telling them stories about the past so they don't go through that rough past and make the same mistakes. I agree that some people may not what to interact with other people or even care about what they want to say. I agree but if you just hear them out they might just convince you to change your mind. All I am just trying to say if you do not like the hits or opinion they are trying to give you just back off and find someone new or just go with the flow and follow what your heart attends you to do.  