Working alone can be more beneficial because you can work at your own pace, and we all have different levels, in that case we do not have to argue with anyone about putting your own ideas. Although others may think working with a group is better and more beneficial. Also, working alone can be more beneficial because you can work at your own pace. Working at your own pace is very important, you will not make mistakes and if you do, it is totally fine because that is where we learn from. You may be the type of person that likes working little by little every night instead of doing it all at once. You will not have people over your house horse playing instead of helping you out and working with you on your project. When working alone you do not have to worry about all these concerns because you will be the only responsible one for your own work. Working alone is more beneficial and can be very helping, it will prepare you for the real world. When working alone you may write or put what you think is correct, your friends will not be there to tell you that you are incorrect. You might be an independent person and prefer to work by yourself. You do not have to worry about someone rushing you because you should know when the due date is. While working alone you just have to worry about you, and finishing your work of course. Although, others may think it is more beneficial working with a group. Working with a group can bring a lot of distractions. Research determined that when it comes to group projects people complain and prefer to work independently. Also, why would you want to work with others if you do not know if they are in the same level as you. When working with a group you have to check up on your group members to see if they finished there part of the project, if they are not responsible enough to finish it themselves you have to fill in for them because it is a group project and project grade. Does it not feel much better working alone? You can work at your own pace, and we all do not have the same mentality, so we do not have to argue with anyone about putting your own ideas and what you think is correct. Let me tell you a little secret, working with a group can be pretty complicated. Always working alone, it is more beneficial.  