I agree because there might be some kids out there who say that they want shorter school time and maybe some don't want that but I think there should be shorter school time. The reason of that is because nowadays, theirs YouTube and most of the people have phones computers and TV's and so people can go learn stuff from phones, computers,and TV. And there's places that you can learn math too. The reasons of why I think it's fair for having shorter school time is because sometimes you learn something that you've learned already and in the other hand It's just not fun anymore either I mean for some other kids they think its fun and some not. And also I've seen on Twitter that they have been hating on the guy who tells us if school is closed or not and people always hope that school is closed because no one is really looking forward to go to school on a Monday and my opinion going to school on a Monday is the worst and some other people might think the same as well. Some celebrities became famous for example Eminem who is a rapper he dropped out of high school, and he became famous for something that he likes to do I would do the same if I didn't what to go to high school but i won't because I have perfect friends and all the years I've known them I just can't leave them like that. I guess it just won't be fair y'know to leave someone you've known for a while and just become famous and while there in school working hard. I guess we could all agree that we should have shorter school time because what if your doing something, and you don't get to finish your project or something important you'll have to wait infill you get out of school and then come back and what if there's traffic, and then you get home around 8:30 to 9:00. You won't have that much time to finish your project but if you live close to the school then I can't complain but I agree to this because like how I said we have phones, computers,and TV's and on the internet you could learn anything you want for an example you could learn about 10th grade stuff even though you an 8th grader maybe your interested in that. My point here is that we should have shorter school time because nowadays, we could learn by ourself and for the preschool kids and kindergarten kids they should stay there a little longer because they are toddlers, and they can't learn anything by them selves but for us, we should, I have shorter time in school hopefully you could understand. I don't want this to effect anyone but like it'll just make all the kids who go to school have more time when they have to do something important instead of coming home late and barely have anytime to finish there project or anything they need to do but that's my point of view.  