When you have a problem do you think to yourself, how can I do my best to fix this problem? American jazz legend Duke Ellington said,"A problem is a chance for you to do your best." In my opinion, I agree with Duke Ellington's quote. One reason, is if you don't try to do your best in a situation you could end up regretting your decision. Another reason, is if you try to do your best in a situation you could end up learning something new. Lastly, if you don't put any effort try to resolve a problem you could end up back in that hole. I agree with this quote because if you don't try to do your best in a situation you could end up regretting your decision. One reason, is the amount effort you put into a problem could affect your future. Also, a chance to do your best to fix a problem could be a one time opportunity. One example, of this is about my cousin he could have been playing professional soccer, but he didn't try his best on the tryout which made him not make the team. Lastly, if you don't do your best in a situation it could affect your life. I also agree with this quote because if you try your best in a situation you could end up learning something new. First, if you try your best in a situation you can learn on what to improve on. One example, is about my brother he did his best on a test and got an 82 percent now he knows he has to improve in that subject. Another example, is when one of my friend's brother did his best in a race and lost which made him train more and harder to improve his speed. Overall, If you don't do your best you will not learn and improve from a situation. Another reason, I agree with this statement is because if you don't try your best in a situation then you will end up back in the same hole. First, if you don't try to solve a problem then it will come back in to your life, and you will have to deal with it again. First example, is about my younger brother who didn't try on a test and got a bad grade which made him retake the test. Also, if you try to solve a problem then you will learn from your mistakes and wouldn't commit the same mistake twice. Finally, it is important to do your best in a situation because it would make you improve yourself from your mistakes. In conclusion, I agree with this quote because you should always try to do your best in a problem. First, you wouldn't regret at least trying to solve a problem. Then, you could learn ways to improve on, to help you solve the problem. Also, if you try your best in a problem then, when you have the same problem you will know how to solve it. Finally, if there is a problem it's also chance for you to show others what you can do.  