Technology has a lot of the positive and negative side to it. In the positive side technology comes in handy a lot you can shop online, pay a lot of your bills online and do a lot. In the negative side you loose contacts with humans cause every person abuses technology, people always on their phones, people losing eye-to-eye conversion with each other. Technology will always have a good or bad side in way how humans use it. In the positive way of technology, a lot of people use technology to shop online, a lot of times people try to find the products that he or she wants to find in the store and its too expensive to buy in store, people find it cheaper products online than outlet stores. Not only people shop online, people also use technology to buy programs that colleges rec amend them to use. It helps a lot of people that are in college that do a lot of homework a lot of teachers assign homework onliner than paper. Technology always advance every day in a good way to enjoy. A lot of high school students use technology to do homework for a class that the students miss that day he or she was absent. Technology keeps everyone in check and organized. But yet even if there's a lot of positive stuff about it, there are a lot of negative things about technology. In the negative part of technology, a lot of people that's on their phone ignores the person that he or she was having a conversation with. The main big problem right now is that people are abusing technology by texting and driving while using their phones, a lot of people are getting distracted on the road because they want to answer their text message but most of the time people that answer gets into a car crash for getting distracted.There's always going to be a bad and good ways about technology it all depends on how humans use technology. The way I see people using technology its good cause it a lot easier to organize important documents, shop online, doing homework for school and everyday technology will always advance each day. The only problem that's bad about technology It's that us humans getting distracted easily by using our phones, playing games on console, and getting distracted easily. There's always going to be a bad and good towards technology it all the depends on how humans use it. Technology is the best thing we have in our world. It makes life easier for us to do stuff online. Technology will be there for us when we need it to organize documents, buy stuff online, and it will always advance. Technology will always have a positive and negative side to it but most of the time its positive. It all depend on how humans use it. that's what I think about my side technology the bad and the good.  