What if your school wanted to add one hour and a half would you agree or disagree? I presently think that no one would like that like don't like that idea at all and let me tell you why I would int like that. First if you don't like school that much like me, you would do what ever you can to stop that. Most likely be that people will get tired really fast. Finally, not that much people would come to school they would not like it even more. Some ways you might like this is that. They might add a day to the weekend which would be more days per weekend that sounds good to me. Another thing that they can do is add lease day to the school year I think that people would really like that and other ways are. You learn a lot more thing for next year which is really helpful for the next year of classes you have. Finally, you simply like school you like seeing friends in school, and you like learning more things. How you may be able to stop it? Will first you have to go to your principle and him/her how you can, you stop this form going on well they might say get an exact amount of people to sign a paper. Well then if they ask you to do that then you know that you have to ask every one in the school to sign the paper if you really don't want this to happen. First you know you got to go to you best friends and people that don't really like to stay in school that long. However, if it's not that much people, yet you know you have to go to every one in the school asking them if they don't want a hour and a half to be added and at the end of that I might have the number you need of people. Do you want this to happen at your school but your school isn't do it? Well like the other one go to your principle and ask them if they can add another hour and a half but another day to your weekend or less day of the school year. See if other student want to join you if they want less day of the school year or an another day addend to the weekend like a Monday because every hate's Mondays right. If a lot of people agrees you might get this to happen in you school. However, there is going to be someone to not like you idea, and they might go wrong for you, but I think you can get this. So now that you know how to do this it says do it. If you want this to happen then ask your principal if this can happen in any way. If you want it to happen in your school then do it. If it's happening but you don't want it to happen then stop it. However, think what is going to happen if I do it so think what you're going to do before you do it.  