Is it a good idea to finish high school in three years than four years? Four years are too long to graduate from high school. In four years you do a lot of things you can participate in many activities. For example: sports, clubs and help the teachers. High school is an important and necessary step to get to the successful, is a requirement in life because of the education and the things that you should learn. The school will help you in life to know how to act and guide you in what is better, and you get a better life with school. School should be just 3 years instead of four. In four years the student learn more, but I don't think is necessary to be in the school all that time. Three years of high school is a challenge. The student have to be after school and take classes during summer is a lot of stress and a lot of things to do, but is not impossible. If the student want to success in life it doesn't matter how much time it will take the only thing that is important is to accomplish the goals. I am agree with the idea to finish high school in 3 years, I think that 3 years are enough for the student to learn all the stuff that needs. High school is hard but not impossible to finish, and is a good idea to push the students to graduate before, there are better opportunities and the only thing that I think when someone is telling me that I have to be more time in the school is "I'll be old when I'll finish the school" and that doesn't sound good. It's better 3 years than 4 because, you get a job, you get on the college earlier, and you accomplish your goals before what you expect. Most of the kids are looking for end the school early, is a good motivation for the students that they will end the school early. In that way maybe the majority of the teenagers will be more focus on what they are doing, and have a better future. The majority of the people when is young always think about that they leave school because they don't want to end when they get old. That's why I like the idea. Before you finish high school, before you get in the college, and you do not finish the university to old. Plus, you have better opportunities, and also you don't waste your time. Even four years is not a bad idea because you do more, and you learn more, and you can get more information. You have the same facilities even if you finish early, or you take more time. Four years Are good but not all the students like to do the same thing in that time, and they get bored. Four years is a good option, but three years or less sound better. Both options have a good opportunity to be in a good university. It just depends on what the student wants to do and what decision it will make. 