Some people believe that we accomplish more if we are always doing something. Others think that inactivity also serves a purpose. They argue that they are not focus, and they are not learning. One should always accomplish a goal if one puts their mind to it. They gain new knowledge, skills, and information. If one has the knowledge he can accomplish anything. I wanted to learn how to make a dog house. I had no knowledge on how to build a dog house. My friend had told me that the school was having a science fair and that they were giving knowledge on how to build a dog house. I went, and I had got the knowledge that I needed. I had the knowledge to stat it and to finish it. The dog house came out looking pretty good with the help of knowledge that I had. If one has the knowledge, skills, and information he can accomplish anything. If one has the skills to accomplish a goal he can do anything. When I was in school I wanted to improve my skills in English. I would ask CT teacher to give me tips on what I needed to improve. She would tell me not to use the word you. By the end of the year I was not using the word you. She had told me that my English skills were improving because I had been working on it all year. She told me that I was a strong writer. If one has the knowledge, skills, and information he can accomplish anything. If one has information he can accomplish any goal in his way. When I was in high school I wanted to take welding as a class. I had no information on how to join the class. I asked my friend on how I could join he told me that I had to go to the office to get the information that I needed. With the information that I got I now had to fill it out so that I could join the class next year. If one has the knowledge, skills, and information he can accomplish anything. If everybody in the community had the Knowledge, skills, and the information then everybody would accomplish a goal. Although others think that they should not be focused on accomplishing a goal. One should have these skills so that they can accomplish anything that they want.  