Self-reliance is better than hoping someone makes the best decisions for you. This is because people need to follow their own instincts in life no one knows them like they do and what is best for them. Why would anyone want someone to make decisions for them, People will always want what is best for them so if people trust someone to pick an important life decision what if they pick something that will help them in their long run and not you. My older brother 5 years ago was done with school and was planning his career he wanted to be an engineer but my mom and dad wanted him to be doctor; He made his own decision at the end and now lives his best life with a kid and wife. If he had chosen to be a doctor he would be in school still and never meet his wife. This shows how important it is to trust your self even if no one agrees with you. People will say that someone with more life exteriors will help others more than they can help them-self, but they can make it so much further than others. I'm not saying people shouldn't have remodel just don't do something because someone else did it do it better than they ever could. My friend Generic_Name wanted to be a football player his whole life he was the best in our middle school team, but his mom and dad hated the idea they thought all football players end up hurt, so he didn't play in high school he didn't like any other sports, so he just went to school and went home. This left Generic_Name with not that many friends, and he is sad and departed today. Making your own decisions all the time can be hard and at some point you may fail but if you keep trying you can make it big one day. There are many reasons to have someone make decisions for you, it would be much less stressful, and you would have less chance of failing, but everyone needs to grow up at some point and do what is best for them, You can't live under someone your whole life at some point you will be on your own. Those are the reasons I believe everyone should make their own decisions in the long run you will be 10 times the person if you trust your-self and do it your way. A person should never put there life in the hand of anyone but them-self. If someone stops talking to you because they don't like a decision you make and didn't do what they said to do then they don't deserve to be in your life.