My friend, Generic_Name, is a very good student, he will not go to bed unless he finishes his homework. However, because the school has changed the system from five-day school week to four-day school week, he had to do more works than usual. He cannot sleep for a few days, he did not do all his works, and his grades tend to be bad. His parent decided to move him to another school. Changing from five-day school week to four-day school week has lots of disadvantages, mainly these three reasons: students do not have time to do more works, students move to other school due to the pressure of homework at school tend to rise, and students do not focus on learning because of three-day weekend. To start with, students do not have time to do more works. Let say that if we have an extra day to review all works that we're done to prepare for the test on the next day, it would have done better than when we just have more few minutes. For example: before the school change the schedule, I have a whole day to review my works to do the test, now I have to rush off my feet to review my works and that make me completely exhausted. Whenever the test would start on Monday, the students will have three-day weekend to do so, that is a complete waste of time. To continue, students move to other school due to the pressure of homework at school tend to rise. For example: My friends, Generic_Name and Generic_Name, they are good students, but because their homework is too much, they could not do all homework, they had to stop all the club activities to catch up their classes, their grades went bad, so their parents decided to move them to other school to help them study easier. Some people believe that the school has four-day school week is better because they can have more time to learn and relax, they are wrong because having four-day school week make their time rush and there have to run to catch up the schedule. And the last, students do not focus on learning because of three-day weekend. For example: Generic_Name, a student from my class, he usually absents from school, since the school change the schedule, he started to go to school more often, but he did not study, he went around and talked what he did in the last three-day weekend, his grade was bad, but he did not care. In conclusion, some businesses have adopted a four-day work week to conserve energy and resources, but the school does not have to because school is where people come and learn new world, to explore more what are we capable and able to do, we are not wasting the resources, so why we have to adopt four-day school week? Please write a letter to the local government of the city to change the schedule of our school. We are not using resources to waste, we are using resources to make a key to open the "Success Gate" leads to the bright future for our generation and the next America's generations.