Many people believe that success consists of going from failure. Because we all human making mistake in our life. Being failure is good for most of peoples. However we all taking lesson from faliure to become success in our life. For many reasons: firstly,most of students, agree with this statement that Minister Winston Churchill once said. And secondary, part of students did not believe in this statement. However they are thanking we do not want to failure in our life or tests. We want to success once time. Previosly most of people agree failure is key is success. For example: Abraham Lincoln, one of the 16th president of the U.S., once time said in during in civil war said to his people or audience, we have to be strong, does not matter for us how hard is life is it. And he continues his speech he said. Whatever success, going from failure to failure without loos any of enthusiasm. He never said contrition in your past. The constant to be success consists of going from failure. And also he SIAD that, this is a good convenience for everyone in consequence Lincoln, said you guys have to conscious and be awake all the time. This confirms to everyone or to all of us key of failure is in success. Other peoples, did not agree what Abraham Lincoln said. most of them said this is not compulsion or compulsory, they said this is over leis conclusive in our decide we want to success one time without losing any enthusiasm or failure. In my opinion that" success consists of going from failure to failure without loos of enthusiasm. We agree in this prompt. Because before that I said failure of key is becoming in success in our life we should all battle with failure we all know that way is become austerity. We have to fight with failure we did not want to win us. We want to success, in improve our self. Many people making a mistake in their life some of them success, and most of them failure. This is our life.no Mather success consists of going from failure to failure. Some people dismal when they got failure in their life. They are become depression most of them and finally when they got success in their life they are become happy, and depreciation. Of course that" success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.