Some schools use cellphones in the classrooms for educational purposes. Allowing students use their cellphones in the classroom may have a positive effect in the education of the students, who use their cellphones frequently. In other words, it will make students feel better about doing their classwork. Because it will help students finish their school work or homework, check their grades and assignments, and students will learn better. One positive effect of allowing students use their cellphones in the classroom is that students will have a chance to finish their classwork or homework. Some students have classes that left much homework, so that means that they may need more time to finish their assignments. Moreover, some students have personal issues, for example; Sometimes I can not focus in do my homework because I may have a problem that blind my mind and that makes me feel stressful, and that does not let me work on it. Also, some students have jobs after school, for example. I have a job after school and sometimes my tiredness is huge that it does not let me finish my homework, and I can tell that it is really difficult, so having this experience I think that it would be perfect that school allow students use their cellphones in the classrooms to educational purposes. Another reason is that students will have the chance to check their grades or assignments. Some students miss school, and they probably do not if you have assignments, or they do not have time to check it in home. Most of the students forget easily that they have homework, for example; Sometimes when I get home and I started doing some of my labors and when I notified it is already time to sleep, so they next day I do not have any time to finish it. Therefor it will be good to most of the students check what they are missing during class, and they can probably ask the teacher for permission if they can work on what they are missing. Also ask for help to the teacher if they do not know how to do it, for example; I had a friend that math is hard for him, so he check his assignments in the classroom and ask the teacher for help to understand better, so I think it will help students to get their grades better. Some people say that to allow of using cellphones can cause a negative effect is because it will distract students, for example; some teachers say that students will be doing something else, like texting or playing video games, in other words students will not pay attention in class. Whatever they are incorrect because students will a better way to learn, in which one they will feel comfortable. The point is make feel that they can learn in an interesting way, for example; Some teachers let students play trivia games on their cellphones, so students can learn and have a good time doing it. They will learn better because most of the things that students look in their phones they are capable to memorize it. Maybe the pass generations think that the use of too much technology, like allow the use of cellphones in the classrooms is a bad idea because it will make our brains slow is not true it just help us to learn in a better way. In conclusion, the school allowing the use of cellphones in the classroom will have a positive effect because it will help students finish their school work or homework, check their grades and assignments, and they will learn better. We are the new generation and the future of the next one, we have the help of technology to get a better knowledge. The future is on our hands and make it easy is our decision. They are just finding better ways for us to learn and educate better because they want us to succeed in school, like in our lives. 