"Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow". In my opinion, I agree with this quote because, if you do not try to do better every day, you are not going to reach your purpose. When you have the experience, on doing something you have to keep doing it, and you will improve each day. If you keep working on something that you have already work on it, and you don't stop focused on, it will make you grow. The more things you learn the more prepared you will be in your life. My first reason that support my response, is that if you don't keep trying to do better every day, you are not going to complete your goal. If you keep trying your best and doing what you like to do you will grow each day. Its important that you try your best every day not only you will grow in your life, but you are going to make yourself proud as well. For example, some people have their goals, but they don't try their best. My second reason that support my response is that when you have the experience on doing something you most keep doing it, and you will improve each day. Every time you try to improve, it's a good opportunity for you to grow. The experience you have will make your future better. If you work on something that you have already work on it, and you don't stop focused on it will make your life easier. The more you work on something the fastest you will see the different in your life. For example, in my experience every time I know how to do something and I keep practicing, on it, I get to improve myself. My third reason that support my response is that the more things you learn the more prepared your will be in your life. If you try to learn more things and not just stay focused on just one thing will make you to be able to grow. Every day, you most have the purpose of learning new things. Learning new things each day, makes a person specialized and all the things you know. For example, in my experience when I try to learn more about something, it's easier for me to talk about it. To conclude, I agree with the author Ralph Waldo Emerson's statement. The more you know about something, the best future you will have. If you focused on doing good everyday you will grow. Trying to do something you have experience with will make you grow. Working on your purpose will make you have a better life.