Positive Life you have to be positive attitude to have success in the life? The answer for this question yes, because in the life everyone should be positive, and successful in order to be happy, and intelligent everyone must be positive. There are a lot of reason's and evidence to have good life. The most important one is being positive because being positive to make the life better. For example, when the person are positive that will make the person have a lot of friends, if the person are positive that makes him/her happy, and the person will pass all his/her test with good score or in his/her job be the smarter one. First, in order to be happy, and intelligent everyone must be positive, because when the person positive that will make him/her have a lot of friends. For example, Generic_Name always smiling and positive. So, everyone in her school loved her, and they want to be friends with her. So, now she is positive girl's with a lot of friends. Being positive makes the life better. As well as, if the person are positive he/she will always be happy. Second, in order to be happy, and intelligent everyone must be positive, because that help the person to pass all his/her test with good score or in their job to be the smarter one. For example, Generic_Name student in high school, and after school he works. Even if he has a lot of stuff to do in his school, and with his job, but he is always positive person, he helps anyone need any help, and he always gets the highest score in his test. Also, he is the good person in his job. Positive person will have the most beautiful life and will live with peace. Some people may argue that to try to be a positive person because the world we were born on sometimes have a lot of problems. That is true because the world looks like the mountain sometimes hard to claim it, and the life looks the same usually it's hard to be happy and positive because sometimes there is a problem or something happened makes you feel sad, and negative, and makes you feel that you hate your life, but everyone has to try to be positive, and to love his/her own life because if the person always negative that will make him/her sick, sad, mad, and complicate. However, to be positive that will protect you from a lot of problems gonna happened to you. To summery, in order to be happy, and intelligent everyone must be positive. Just be positive to get the most beautiful life ever. Overall, if anyone wants to be positive is not the hard work it's easy, and again relax, and get the good breath, try to lose all the negative ideas. Lastly, enjoy with the positive life. 