There are so many things that can make good deed too someone with a good attitude even you can make yourself happy, But sometimes It's hard to keep a good attitude while it's a difficult time. I myself have witnessed someone with a good attitude it was my good old friend he was having a good attitude all day, But than someone in his family passed away he was really sad about it. Then his attitude was going bad I tired to make his day get better to go and get ice cream but than he was up for it, so I was in a good attitude so was he, so we were happy, But than his mom got really sick, and the doctors said that she might not make it and then he shaded tears and then his day was just going horrible. So much was going on with his family like his mom is so sick she can barely move she was taken to the hospital because she had a high fever of 103. The day they took her to the hospital has got a heart attack at the night she was there and when she was there for a few days and then they brought her back home and that same night she got a heart attack again and my friends' dad just said she can't leave the hospital, or she might die if we take her back a few weeks passed and his mom recovered, and now they are a happy family. I have witnessed my family member have a good attitude even during a difficult time. One of my family members were going through depression but no one else knew because everyday he always looked happy there was always a smile on his face when someone saw him there was not a time he looked upset or sad but just happy all the time. No one knew what he was going through they didn't know he was getting bullied, failing his classes and last of all no friends he thought he had no one, and he kept telling himself he was alone. Everyone thought he was mad at something little like him not getting a toy or something because he was just a 10yr boy the rest of the family thought he was just a regular little kid running around all over the place laughing at everything and even cry at little stuff, but no he did nun of that all he did was just stay in his room lights turned off, and the door was shut and locked. But than one day he forgot to lock his room and then I walked in, and he was just crying and kept saying "I got nobody I got nobody" and then I made him feel better, and then we put him in counseling for a few months, and he started getting better and better while time went on. When you have a good attitude it can make your day be good, and you'll be positive with everything. Even in a bad times like for example if a family member or a friend is sick you can make there day by getting them there favorite food or snack that can get them in a good attitude with you because they may be a little grumpy while there sick. While you're in a good attitude you'll feel like you accomplish something for today and while other people will try to take you down you mind and your feeling will be strong, and you won't be able to be in a bad attitude. Most people would want to be in a good attitude, but others are the world should just be happy and not always mad at something. I wish everyone in the world can be happy and something they did and not be mad at everything like sometimes when you play sports when you lose it's a little upsetting at first but than you lose your attitude get stronger, and you start being your self way more. I witnessed another of my friends trying to keep a good attitude his attitude was getting stronger and better because he played a lot of soccer but than his dad kept taking it too seriously. My friend was so tired that he wanted to take a break but his dad didn't let him he kept telling him get up let's go play every day and on weekend his dad woke him up at 5 in the morning to go play soccer. Then on Monday when he got back to school he started getting eye bags under his eyes and then he was tired of it and went o his dad and I said '' I'm tired of soccer and I give up''. His dad looked so shocked and upset that he left him speechless and then he said fine when you grow up you are not going to become a famous soccer player. My friend still played soccer, but he only played when he wanted to, and he still was perfect at soccer that I bet you he is better than I. One time my friend and I were in a good attitude right we were playing at the park and then my friend jumped off the slid and then he broke his arm is so nasty His bone was popping out he was crying and yelling and Idiot know what to do and I called his parents they came so fast and then they took him to the hospital, and I was sad because I felt like it was all my fault and then his parents cheered me up, and they said ''it's not out fault it's okay it's just a common mistake and a few weeks later his arm got better his arm was in a case, so he was good, and I was the first one that signed it so I was happy about that and then we were both happy we got ice cream, and we had a sleepover and the rest of the day was good.