Would you want to be extending 2 more hours to your school schedule because you work for four days for 10 hours? In my opinion I feel like no because sometimes some students decide they want to spend some time with their family. Also, some students have to go home early and do something else instead of doing their school work and some students have to enjoy their free time instead of working all day. Some students decide they want to spend sometime with their family. Some students decide that because sometimes they might not have enough time with someone that lives far from them, so they decide they want to go where they live, and they want to be with them before they leave. Also, some students might want to spend more time with their grandparents because they might not be able to see them, or they either want to spend more time with their grandparents because they want to help them outside there in the stages of being old, so they might need help with something. Also, some students might want to hang out with their cousins since they might not have seen them for a while. Student usually like to spend a lot of time with there family since they might not have seen them for years, so they decide they want to spend more time with them. Some students have to go home early, and they have to go do something else instead of doing their work from school. Instead of doing their school work some students have to go after school to go sports, so they might not have time to stay in school for 10 hours because they might have to be going to their practice when's school finishes. Some students might have to go straight home because they might have to go babysit their little siblings since there parents are working. Some student might have to go home early because they might have to go straight to work, or they might get in trouble if they don't go at the time they tell them they could get into trouble. Students usually have to go do something else instead of having to go do their school work all day. Some students have to enjoy their free time instead of working all day. Instead of staying at school all day or at work all day students decide to go out and hang out with their friends. Some students might want to go out and go shopping. Some students decide to go out and spend some time with their parents since they don't have that much time.Also, some student just want to enjoy the only time they are free to do something instead of being stuck at school all day or being stuck at work all day. In my opinion I feel like we shouldn't add more hours to out school schedule because at this time we are still young, and we want to enjoy the free time that we have before we get older because then we won't be having that much time left since we will mostly be in school still or might just be working all day. Also, I feel like some people might just be getting tired of all the work they give us to the point were some students might just give up on there work. For example when I get out of school I usually have to go home and take care of my little sister because my mom can't. I wouldn't like to be stuck in school for another two more hours because I would have to be leaving school late and if I had a four-day work week I would not be able to do my school work at home, When I would get home from work I would be exhausted and just decide to fall asleep.