For the time students get to high school, Is time for the students to focus more on their future. Students that go to high school are expecting to do more work and be with a different mind set. Going to high school, is the time when students need to think what they want to do in the future, and pick a career that they like. But there are many students, that don't care about their futures, others don't think about their futures in high school. High school is the time when students are able to get focus and think about a career they want to take. Also, to pick a career that you like, and you enjoy doing it. But there are many students that take career just to take them but that's no the career they like, so they end it up not achieving anything. In high school, is where a lot of students work, so they can get money and buy what they want and Also to pay their college career. So identify a career by the time students get to high school help. Because now the students now how much does the career cost, and where he can go studied when he finishes high school. Also choosing a career when your young helps, because students have more time to get more information, about the career. And see if there are others career that students would like to take. So that's why committing to a career by the time you get to high school helps you, have more time to view different careers and choose the one u like the best. Many student that are almost in high school, think about how high school going to be like. So been able to choose a career before high school helps. Because the student can get their mind set and think about what courses the student wants to take in high school. Those courses can help, because it teaches the student the things that he needs to learn therefore he's prepare the career, he wants to take. And also to be able to search where the wants to go studied and pick the collage that teach the best for his career. And finally preparing for a career before high school, gives the students more opportunities. So I agree for students to identify a career by the time they enter high school. Also high school has a lot of opportunities, for students that wants to take collage course. So they can be prepared for their careers, and when they get to collage they now a lot about the career they want to take. So it helps to commit to a career before going to high school it can get you prepare for your future. And accomplish what you want for your future.  