Conserving energy and resources is very beneficial for human life and nature. Human damage many nature things while making energy and resources for their daily use. For example deforestation, use of water to make electricity, which can decrease the amount of aquatic animals and water on the earth. Some business have adopted the idea of a four-day work week, so they can conserve energy and resources. A four-day work week can also effect on their business and put them in loss, but it depends on them how they manage their work in four days. But Should schools follow this model by extending the school day two hours and make a four-day school week? In my opinion school shouldn't follow this model. Student's already have five-day school week which sometime seems very short, when students have a lot of work to do, and they need more help of teachers. In a month there are some federal holidays in weekdays, Which make a five-day school week more short. Extending the school day two hours and adopted a four-day work week have many disadvantages. It can put bad impact on students study and on their grades, they will spend their weekend more with friends not with books, Students may spend their times on computer games and on phones. So, four-day school week will affect somewhere in student life. It's better to keep the five-days school week for students goods and for their better education. Every student study hard in school to get better grades in all classes. Student's always try to learn more from their teachers and do their best in class. But a short week can a put bad impact on their study and their grades will go down. For example when students have an extra time in their classes, they mostly spend it with their teachers and asking them questions, so they can get answers in a specific way. But what if they don't have time in class or teacher's don't have time for student's. If a teacher has a short time to teach something. They will teach in a very fast or a different way to students. Some student's may not get everything in class, and their class performance will go down, and it impacts on their grades. It's very important for a teacher to spend a time with their students and ask them about their problems in classes, and also for a student it's very important to share their problems with teacher so, they can find a way to solve the problems. It can only happen when student and teacher both have time in class to discuss. So the Four-day week can make a distance between a teacher and a student. Second, Friendship is a very important thing in every person life, Friendship with a good friend can tell you the path of your success. Spending time with friends is a good habit. But it doesn't mean that you have to spend you all free time with friends. Almost every student spend their weekends with their friends and they don't care about school study. Even we spend our one school holidays with friends and forget about study. What if we have three days off in a week. Do we spend that time with our books? The answers are no we cannot spend time with books on weekends. We need to spend our times with books and the school is the only place where we can learn something and sound times with the books. For example Last week we had a five days off from school and I didn't study in that week and I forgot to complete a project I got bad grades on that class. I spent my time with my friends and I didn't know the meaning of study in that time that's why I got bad grade in that class. But when I have regular week of school I always complete my work first so I can keep my grades up. More school holiday's will give more tension to student that's why they didn't study at home, and they would like to study at school. A regular school week is much better than four-day week of school because in a one day we can learn a lot from our teachers at school. In this century every single person is using technology. Students are using more technology than others, spending time on computer and on phones isn't bad thing, but you also have to spend some time with other activities like sports, cultural activities. But children doesn't want to do this, and they play games on phones and on computers. For example I have a younger whose fourteen years old. Whenever he arrived at home from school, the first thing he does is get out his Laptop from his school bag and start playing games with his friends on online group, so you can easily estimate that how many school students playing that game on computer and on phones on weekends and on off days. Playing game on weekends and on holidays can effect you and your studies and gives you a bad grades. It's better to be in school than on computer games, so we can learn something new. A four-day school week can make a big difference in student's school life. At the end, I would say that if school will follow the model by extending school and a four-day school week. It can develop a big difference in student education. Students come to school for learning, sometime they get bored from school. But if school make this rule for student the student will be happy with this but in future they will understand that how wrong it is to make a school week shorter without getting anything and just stayed at home. From more school hours and with regular days student can learn something more and keep their grades up. They will spend their more times with books and paying attention on the study not games or electronic. So the Four-day school week will not work for the school it may only work for the business but not for the school. 