Had the technology a negative or positive effects on people's lives? People are having a negative effects with the technology, I think people can't control it. At this time everybody is forgetting how beautiful is lives without technology. We can do a lot of things without it. For example: Play outside with friends, go to libraries, and stay outside with natural. Some people say the kids have to have limitation of what they're doing on they computer or cells phones. On the other side people say that is good for teenager having no limitation because they can learn more. I think teenager need a limitation of what they're doing in the phones. Furthermore, parents should checking what they're doing on the internet. However, some people think is good for teenager not having a limitation because they learn more for their future. On the other hand some people say that teenager can't complete a task without having contact with other person. I think having a conversation with other is good because you get to know that person and also get stronger the relationship. When you meet a stranger on the internet is dangerous, not everyone is a good person. Some parents think that the kids are just playing in the Internets, but they do not. I think having a conversation to you or playing games without speaking I think that have a limitation until you know well that person. In addition, sometimes people used to buy a lot of things from the internet without knowing that person, that is dangerous. People that are selling on bedsides that always offer what the really have, or maybe they just want the money. If you're going to buy anything for the internet just make sure the bedside is safes. Buying staff for the internet is getting wrong because people do not want to go about and spend time with family. Since bedsides like Amazon, eBay, and others came up people start get all they need from bedside. Bad people are used this on favor to them, they are creating so many fake bedsides to racket people. To continue with, I think a good way to get the kid out the technology is taken them to have fun outside like hand out with friends, having friends in a computer like into a video game or a social media is not health for the kids. You have to get to know the person before play or talk to them. Sometimes people trick the kids ask them to do bad things. That why technology should not be allowed for kid at all or if parents decide to give a cells phone or a computer always have to be a limitation. Technology does not along people to complete task without have a contact with others. I think this is having a negative effects on people lives, people are getting racket because they used to many bedsides. Bedsides are not safe you have to have a limitation and also take care of the like. Kid are also getting into the technology they are losing their childhood. Furthermore, parents have to a limitation on their kids and put a limit on them.