Have you ever accomplished something in your life? Because people nowadays are very lazy and hard-headed because they are easily distracted by social media, people around them, and also the society that's why they cannot focus on their goals in life. Although some might argue it is not better to work on something to accomplish, actually it is better to work on something to accomplish because you will gain more knowledge and people will be proud to what you've accomplished. One reason why it is better to work on something to accomplish is because you will gain more knowledge. For instance, based on my personal experience when I was in middle school, I don't do my projects, homework, seat works because I'm too lazy, and I just love talking with my friends every day in our class. However, when I moved here in America last year things have changed because I'm new here in this country and I don't know anyone. I realized that my friends here are not the same as in the Generic_City that I used to talk to every day. That's why I decided to study hard and make my parents proud again. I have a five A's in my classes right now, and I'm proud because I accomplished something. And yes, Thomas Jefferson was right "Determine never to be idle. It is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing something."we should never stop doing something that can benefit us. This proves that working on something will help you gain more knowledge in life and don't stop believing in yourself. Another example that proves it is better to work on something to accomplish is based on my dad's personal experience. My dad was a college graduate in the Generic_City, he dreamed to become a successful businessman, and he made it. My dad started a business near to schools and shops, so many people will go to his store. The first few months was amazing because his customers was very loyal to him my dad didn't expect that it will happen. Unfortunately, my dad's business went down because something happened that he didn't like. People are robbing and digging all the way to my dad's store every night. That's why he was forced to closed his business and rest for a while. After a few years he didn't have a job because he was still shocked to what happened to his business. However, he decided to take culinary class to work again because he wants to help our family and to gain more knowledge about baking. After taking the culinary, he went to Generic_City to seek new opportunity. He is now currently working in five-star restaurants owned by a rich man in Generic_City. This proves that it is better to work on something to accomplish like what my dad did in his life and he changed for a better living. Another reason why it is better to work on something to accomplish is because people will be proud to what you've accomplished. For example, from the moviePELEit is about a young boy who dreamed to become a professional football player. He lived in a small house in Brazil and played football with his friends in his neighborhood. Pele was a poor little kid but plays well even he is very short unlike other people in his town. When they play against other teams, they always laugh at them because they don't have a proper gear for playing. And there is a guy who is recruiting players for their club. Pele was the youngest player in the club that's why he was treated like a slave. After few years playing in his club, it's his time to shine to represent Brazil in the world cup. Pele scored a lot of goals and Brazil went to the finals. He was so incredible that time no one can stop him and Brazil won the world cup. This proves that you need hard work to accomplish something like Pele he never stops doing what he wanted to be and now people from Brazil and all over the world are proud of him. Another example that proves it is better to work on something to accomplish comes from Adidas' quote or saying "All in or nothing". For instance, that line is very effective to people especially the athletes around the world because doing your goals in life makes you stronger and better than the others. And you should give your best all the time and make people proud to what you've done in life. This proves that is it better to work on something to accomplish like the owner of Adidas he became famous and rich because he worked hard, focused on his goals. The other side will argue it is not better to work on something to accomplish because you will have more time to do what you want or something else. However, it is better to work on something because you can practice your weaknesses. For example, my friend Generic_Name who really don't know how to write a perfect essay but can speak fluent in English. He was really bad at writing essay when we were in middle school. Generic_Name was always shy to read or present his work to our teacher. So, I told him to work with my classmate who is really good at making essay and ask him to teach Generic_Name how to write a perfect essay. After a few weeks of learning, Generic_Name improved his writing skills. This proves that it is better work on something to accomplish like what my friend Generic_Name did he started practicing his weakness and became a good writer. Another example that proves that it is better to work on something to accomplish is based on my personal experience. For instance, I've been playing football since 5 years old because my dad is also a football player. When I was playing with my club my coach said my first touch is not perfect unlike the other players. However, I practiced by myself like what coach told me. And my mentality was I should prove my coach that I will be a better football player. This proves that practicing your weaknesses will make you more a better person. To conclude all these statements above, it is better to work on something to accomplish because you will gain more knowledge and people will be proud to what you've accomplished. We people have different purposes in life, we should never be idle in life.