Do you think first impressions are impossible to change ? In my opinion a first impression on someone or something change be changed, because you never know what the stereotype of the thing can be. When you first meet someone your first impression on the person can be one thing, but you never know what the person could have. For example, you see a fat guy or female, and you can be quick to judge them, but you don't know anything about there life, till when you talk to them and get to know their true story that they medical conditions on why they are the way to appear and look like. You could meet a Hispanic, For example you might think they came to US illegally, but you don't really know that some Hispanic are actually born in the United States and are legal citizens. When you see an Asian person you may think there smart because of your first impression stereotype, but not all Asian are actually smart and appear to whom you really think they are. Next is the type of thing you purchase or are going to purchase, it can look nice and be expensive but you don't know the background story on the item or thing you are going to purchase. For example when you want to purchase a car or house, you can be looking at it on the internet and like it a lot but once you buy it you start noticing strange thing. If it is the car you realize the starting to give you a lot of problems that you are constantly taking money out you're pocket to try to fix it to your expectations and what were your first impression on the car being nice and reliable. Second a house your impression where "oh wow this is a really nice house", so you go on and purchase it the start realizing that the house was making wired noises at night while you are trying to sleep, Then one day you go online and contact the landowner or research the history of the house and realize the house is haunted because the original owner past away their. A first impression is just a stereotype or judgment that you think of someone or something before not know the background story on it. Before you go and be quick to judge some based on their looks talk to the person see why they are really the way they look before making fun of them of talk about them because everyone in this world isn't perfect and everything has a story behind it.  