While students are in Middle School in 8th grade, they get the opportunity to see many careers and see which one are they planning to take or have an idea of the career. Students should have the opportunity to choose their own career, sometimes students are force to take the career that their parents want. Why? Because in many occasions they do not have another choose. In this decade teenagers have the right to choose the career that they want to study. In High School students are preparing and learning different elements and different skills, however; learning others skills benefit teenagers in their future. How? And Why? Because learning different skills prepared teenagers for any jobs or if they have any kind of problem anywhere. Guiding students for what they like since a young age is an acceptable idea because they learn more and more each day. Their mentality is improving each day. For example: They try to look for information, asking people that already have experiences with the career that they are thinking to take. After Middle School and High School students are ready to start college, and they should be assuming what is best for them. In some parts of the world teenagers do not have the opportunity to go to school, countries that do not have good recursive, for example: Honduras, El Salvador, Guatemala, Africa. In this kind of countries many teenagers do not go to school because they prefer to work beside of going to school, their education is not good enough. That is why so many people come to U.S. because they know that the education that U.S. brings them is their future. Each Teenager comes with a dream to U.S. Kids at age of 12 of those countries comes with big mentalities with big dreams, that is what helps many teenagers to choose a good career in U.S., at young age they know that they have to make their family proud and be the alpha of the family with a good career. Also, as the population in those countries is increasing day by day is harder to find a job even if you had a good diploma it does not matter. The society in those countries when kids want to go to school their parents don't let them, "the education here is not going to guide you anywhere" that is what they said, that is why now days are much terrorism in many countries because parents takes the dreams of their children and through them to the trash. Many parents should give teenagers the opportunity of studying and talk them about how important is to have a good education and let them think about the career that they want at young age. The importance of knowing and thinking about the future at young age has been an impact in now days, because in many cases around the world teenagers do not think about their future, they do not care about school, jobs, education, or their family, but in U.S. teenagers have many chances of getting a good job and getting a good healthy life and a great education. Teenagers will have their life set after High School. Teenagers are going to be an inspiration for others. They will have a good job. Ensuring that students should have their career in mind by the time that they enter to High School for them to learn more and preparing when they get to college and learn much more and be an inspiration for many other teenagers and for others to think of the importance of having a good education and career. 