Does technology have a positive or negative effect in your life? To me, it does because it allows me to complete many things without having contact with others. For example when you want to order something online you don't have to call you can just order it online without contraction anyone. Technology can help you in many sways. One way it can help you is by if you don't know the answers to a homework you can go on a computer or even a phone and look up answers and websites of where your answers can be. Another way is if you need to do technology work need to be done at home you can use a computer and email your teacher without contacting her about it when you're done. To me, I see this as a positive effect on people because it can help you succeed in school and complete things you need to do as well. There are so many other ways' technology can help you as well. When you want to sign up for soccer you can register online. All you have to do is answers questions put your information and once you're done putting your information in you can pay for it and once you pay your coach will get an email that you singed up for his team. Technology for kids is positive when they are younger than 5. Letting them use phones and tablets would be good, so they can learn how to say, words, letters, numbers, and learn new things before they go to school and already know a couple of things. So that to me is a positive effect with technology sum people negative effects could also be negative for them also. When a parent doesn't know how to use a phone it can be stressful for them because they wouldn't know what to do unless someone is there to help him and do the things the parent needs to do on the one. Also, another negative effect is when if you have all work saved in a computer, and you get your computer wet and it won't turn on how are you going to show your boss or teacher your so that would have a big negative effect on the worker. These are sum ways technology can have a negative effect on you. To me technology has a positive effect in my life because I can be able to do more things and not have to worry about and contact people to help me do it. I also believe for other people it can help as for like, work, bank, food and more. But sometimes they can also be negative things, but negative things also happen in life so it's okay for that to happen. So Technology is good for life because it can bring positive effect.