Some schools are offering distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home. For those who can pay a fee for it would be perfect because they have the material to do that, like Internet, computer, or any other device to going by online or video conferencing classes. Some students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home, but just those who really need it, like students with disability or health problems. It would not benefit students whom have a hundred percent of their ability to develop anything, it would make them more lazy than what they normally are. Generic_Name is a student who has a hundred percent of his ability, but he does not like to go to school. He is always skiing classes and never make homework. Generic_Name is a student with health problems who can not assist to school like a normal teenager because he has to be connected to an oxygen tank twenty-four, seven. Generic_Name does not want to go to school and Generic_Name can not do that. The school which both of them used to attend is offering a distance learning program for students and the first two students who going are Generic_Name and Generic_Name. If schools decide to create this program for students, them most priority at the moment to accept students. Distance learning program as an option for students to attend classes from home. It would benefit thousands of students whom really want to learn and be successful in their life. If schools which have this program available for students allow students like Generic_Name and Generic_Name to be part of it. The one who is going to be benefit more would be Generic_Name because he is the one who really need this program, he is the one who want to learn new stuff, he is the one who want to be someone in the future. Generic_Name would be just one more of those students who are trying to take the easy way for everything, acting like if the world goes around him. But there is also an amount of students who can not have access to Internet or any electronic device to access to the online classes. So it turns a problem for those who does not have access to any of those things and has health problems like Generic_Name or who does not have enough money to have what they need to participate. The online classes would be hard to them no matter what. If schools created a plan for those students it would be easier to them to develop themselves. In conclusion some schools are offering distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home, for students who do not have a hundred percent of their ability, student with health problems, students who really need it. Then also may create a program that help students without enough economy to take those classes. If schools are creating new ways or programs for those whom really need it, them most think about all the needs that them have and try to supply it, not with a hundred percent but helping with what they can. So students can learn and be successful n the future. Remembering that the one that are students right now, are the future of the world. 