To make a successful personality from ourselves; We should always accomplish new things, otherwise inactivity cant serve our purpose. Many people think that, behind of every success is your hard working, and also achievement without hardworking is impossible. In my opinion inactive people are not have a good future. So they should always do something new to be able to accomplish because, to have a bright future, always successful in our life and being a good personality in our community. Every people want to have their best future and wants to have their best life, all of these things comes by how you put yourself in a hard time. It is obvious that without nothing anything we not going to accomplish. Accomplishment is always coming by how hard work you do. Inactive person do not have a bright future. Inactivity makes people tired of their life because they don't have any plan for their future, they just live for no idea, with no hopes. So it is better to think about our future and build our future from now. Being successful in our life is what everyone wants. Everybody want they way to find they key of success. But the person who get successes, they actually did accomplish new things. They thinks that makes our future bright and that we can have a good life and career is to work hard, focus on one main thing that make our carrier and believe in ourselves which has the important view in our life. Being inactive person is really useless in our community. We cannot be anything in our future if we be inactive. Obviously everybody chooses to have a good personality in their community. Having a good personality makes everyone's to proud on you. To accomplish a good personality we should make our thoughts and education higher. Without having a main goal in our life we cannot achieve our aim. Education is the only way for success so by having a good education and career we have more attach with our community, and we get respect from our community. Inactivity is not the way that we can accomplish more. I think inactivity does not serve a purpose it just makes your brain stop, so you could not be able to accomplish. People should always try their best to make their life easier, and it is become by hard work. People who have inactive in their life they will hurt in the future. Successful people always did something before in their life so now the successful in they have a comfort future. The reason behind accomplishment is hardworking, believe in ourselves and look forward for our goal which inactive people do not believe on this. For these reasons and many more people should do hard work to accomplish more things.