It has been said that first impressions are almost impossible to change. Why should first impressions defined who you are? Why are they so "impossible" to change? Are first impressions really that important, why should something so small change the way you think about someone. First, no one is perfect. Everyone has very different personalities or ways of being. Second, it shouldn't defined who we are. First impressions don't always go well, you should be able to change that. Finally, It could ruin your reputation. A lot of people care about their reputation a lot. To the point that it could be emotionally wreckingFirst, no one is perfect. We aren't perfect beings, we all have different personalities. Different things we do that others don't and some people may think its weird, or we are weird to do that. That's when first impressions come to play. Meeting someone for the first time can often be hard to manage since is the first time you are meeting this person. Truly anything could go very wrong. They could think they way you talk, eat, and act is weird because you are trying way too hard for it to not go bad and sometimes that comes out as bad. Life will sometimes go wrong, and we can't change that or let it get the best of us because we aren't perfect, and it's okay if sometimes things don't go our way of liking. If it goes bad we should be able to change it or try again. Second, it shouldn't defined who you are. Every human is not alike in any way possible, all of us are unique in our own way. Sometimes we make mistakes and there's cases where people don't like that. When you are on a stated of mind of anger, you could do something drastic, but that doesn't define who you are on your heart and mind. You have your own mistakes and flaws, but that isn't you are just a part of you that doesn't think and does thing on impulse. When you are trying to make everything perfect that person it could stress you out awful and anything could make you go off. When it's the first time meeting that person it can really tress you out bad, but that's okay. First impressions should be able to be change because if that were to happen it could really damage a person if that certain person was important to them. You should be able to reschedule the date when everything is better, and can be normal. If they are truly your friend they will allow to you to that. Finally, it could ruin your reputation. Let's say you are the most friendly person in your school and everyone likes you because of how fun or nice you are. You would love to keep that way. But one day a new student comes to your school, and you introduce yourself but right out of the bat they don't like you without knowing anything about you. That thought could eat you up for the rest of the time, and you try and try to get that person to like you, but they don't. Being able to change that first impression is all that you would like to do, but it feels impossible. But it isn't impossible if that person wanted to get to know you they could, but they don't want to and yes there's people like that all over the world. Having a second chance could change everything for you, but we shouldn't let it get the best of us that person will come around at their own time. We can't make people be our friend if they don't want to. If they want to get to know you they will. Conclusion, First impressions are not important things will go wrong sometimes and that's okay. We can always try again another day, it shouldn't get the best of us or makes us feel some type of way if that person truly wants to be your friend they will not care about the mistakes you make or anything around that. You are human and you make mistakes sometimes. And that's okay, it doesn't define who you are;only you know who you are on the inside. First impressions shouldn't even be a thing they stress you out and makes you overthink. Being able to change the impossible is something we should be able to do always. Don't let anything like that make you think less of you. 