My talent is I'm good at drawing when I draw I like to draw the stars, the moon, woods and the ocean, drawing is a talent where you can express your self by showing multiples of types of art, there are a lot of types of art my favorite type of art is the one where you draw. When you draw you can do make whatever you want and if you made a mistake you can fix it, my other favorite type of drawing is the one where you paint, because you can paint what are you feeling like if you're sad, happy,angry, upset. Art is one of my favorite talents I can make whatever I want and people pay a lot of money for the drawings or paints they don't care if they cost billions of dollars they pay it, because its beautiful art. Art is a talent that a lot of people have it, some people are so good at it, that sometimes they think it's not good enough, so they decide to thought it away, but they don't know that some people will like it, and they will pay it for their art. Art cost a lot of money, but some people don't sale their art, because they want to keep it for memory or because they want to show it to their family and sometimes they sale it to their family, but they don'tsale it for billions or millions of dollars, because it's for their family. Some people when they make mistakes on their art, and they don't fix it, and they don't thought it away they just keep it, because maybe some rich people will buy it. I think people should try to sale it, because they can get a lot of money for their paints or drawings. Art it's a really hard job you need to be patient, because you might make a mistake and u have to start all over again, people don't start all over again what they do is they can make something beautiful of that mistake and by the way art it's also about you see something ugly, but you can fix it and make look beautiful. Some people think art it's boring, but it's not, because if you love doing art you don't think it's boring you love doing it, because it makes you happy and sometimes when you're so happy and exited to paint you don't have the control, and you just start paint and you don't care if it's ugly you just dating your body do his work, because you're so excited about it that your not even think what is going to look like, sometimes I do the same i late my body to do the work by his self and actually it does fell good you are happy and so exited. Other people get so stress when their work doesn't look how they wanted to be, sometimes I get stress out too, because I think my draw doesn't look good how I wanted to be, but like I said you need to patient, because art is not an easy job it's hard. But when you get use to if it's hard but not that hard like before, I'm good at art but I'm still learning, and sometimes it's really hard but I need to be patient and keep practicing, because practicing makes the teacher.