Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online video conferencing. Is good idea to take classes online or not good idea to take classes online? It is a great idea to take classes online, this is in my opening because it is face the students times. Like (work in different time) (Families responsibility) (Sickness and transportation) work in different time SA we all know that work that may affect the time of students became is impossible any work places give the students the schedule that they want it. So after student done from work, they can take online classes for home that will make them more relax. Because after work is hard to focus on the classes but if students take from home they will have time to ate and more house. Online classes can give more time to do other activity, like sports, go out with friends. Sickness, transportion, Park if students sick so bad do they can go to school occurs not first the student who is sick can make the other student sick too. So that's why the online classes can make the different for students additional sick persons may can not drive too, and may not all students have cars and parking some time students have to pay for parking too. Father more the father may not help some time to dive to anywhere. Families responsible, it is good benefit from families, being to attend classes online. Because there we all know may some of the students have children, or students are disaplelty person, example display persons can not go bythemsevs to school in the issue the online classes can make for theses students a big different, so they can take time off if they are not feel well, and take their pale in the time. And that will help students that don't want to school because of this kind of issue the online class will be better for them. Or if students are mother or father, it will be easy for them to make care of their children and take classes online. So there will calm in the mind of the students because they will know that wouldn't be missing classes. However; they will feel busy in their time but at lest there are options which is online classes. The great benefit of online classes for mother or father that maybe they are students is the time. Which is they have kids or teenagers the online cheese can be benefitting because they can spent time with their kids and teen to see if they are doing good in school. And the end the technology make the lives early and helpful;safe time, make anything be done on the time, so we can say technology refund the time for these who always busy.