Do you want to be board going extra hours to school, when you could be doing fun things? All the sports that you want to do will be ruined if you do homework club. Students should not have after school homework club because you won't have time to spent with family members, students are not going to have time to play there favorite sports, and they won't be able to play their favorite sport.First, students won't spend time with their family. If you're in after school club and your parents are planning to go eat dinner, you are not going to make it. For example, Generic_Name is at school and the day is over but, he needs to go to after school club. Generic_Name call his mother and told her" Mom I need to stay after school today" but, his mother told him "we were going to your favorite restaurant Red Lobster." Generic_Name upset that we won't be able to go to his favorite restaurant because of after school club. This proves that after school can affect on family time. Generic_Name missed his favorite restaurant just because school. Secondly, students won't be able to play sports. If you are in after school club and in a sport your most likely going to be late for your favorite sport. For example, Generic_Name plays Basketball but he goes to an after school club for English class. On Wednesday Generic_Name needs to go to the after school club, also he has Basketball practice after the club. Generic_Name goes to practice, and he is five minutes late the coach tells him that is strike one. PROPER_NAME tried to convince the coach that he was at a club for school, the coach told Generic_Name ""Is either school or Basketball Generic_Name." Generic_Name got kicked form the team because he got to strike three. This proves that after school club can affect the sport that you play. Generic_Name got kicked from the sport that he loved, and the sport that he though that was going to be his career. Finally, if you like video games there is only video game son the weekend if you take this club. You are going to come late from school which means that you are not going to be able to play. For example, Generic_Name is a gamer on YouTube he streams every day and plays games for YouTube, but now that he has to go to after school club he can't stream on week days because he gets out of school at 6:30 and the drive home is 30 minutes. So, Generic_Name gets home at 7:00, and he needs to do some of the homework that he didn't get to do on the club and is too late for him. Also, Generic_Name just bought a game, and he can only play on the weekends. He lost lots of people that were following him on YouTube just because homework club. Generic_Name was playing for YouTube and had lot of people on his stream and lost half of them because after school club. After school homework club is a waste of time, if you have things to do after school. It's difficult to do two things at once so don't do after school club. If you like doing sports do it because you should do homework at your own time. If you do after school homework club in school for more hours. Don't do after school homework club if you don't want extra time in school.  