I would have to agree with otherwise you try to do something in other side what you have is already mastered, you will never be successful, because whatever you have in your life is still nothing you should have a specific goal for you future, enough confidence, and demonstrated yourself. Everyone should know what he/she want to be, so they must prepare themselves for what they need to be, like working hard in order to achieve development in their ways. I want to tell about my friend Generic_Name that he is an engineer, he uses be one those people that they think they can't do anything in lives to find the way of success, but he went for it to get it, that's way he is an excellent example for me. That makes me feel like it is your life, it is your choices just find it out whatever you want. I think whoever believed to themselves and to the ability that they have they defiantly feel more strong in their goals. Also, every one knows that when you have a problem do not complain just ask for help like me, when I was in Tenth grade I had a lot of issues the most important one is the school that I don't want to be in school because I feel that is just not going to work for me, but I was wrong because I did ask for help from my teachers they provide me very helpful in formations. Some people might disagree with me because they think asking for help can't solve all the problems, but they are wrong because everyone need to help no one is prefect. As we know to confide in your self you need to toil hard a lot, and you must tolerate more trouble that they are coming in your way. Of cores noting is easy but also is not that much hard that you should give up for it, so the more education that you have the happier you will be in the future like my favorite soccer player Ronaldo he had a very hard live, but he did find his goal, and now he demonstrated him self to everyone. In conclusion whoever try to do something in the lives like working hard on their goals, having enough confidence and tried to achieve them they will be successful. We all should believe to ourselves and use our abilities in right ways if there is a wish, there is a way for it.  