A city council is debating the adoption of a 10pm weekday curfew and a midnight weekend curfew for teenagers. Does curfew help teenagers or not help teenagers. Curfew is a bad idea because curfew do not help teenagers on weekday and also the weekends. My tops three reasons are stayed out more, sink in/out the house, and they can get in trouble. When teenagers stay out more it because they want hang more with their friends. My friends and I hang out and we smoke. My curfew was 11pm and I didn't check the time then I know that it was past my curfew I ask my one of my friend if he can give me a ride home I got my house keys. When my friends drop me off at my house and I open door of my house than I saw my parents sleeping and the next day my mom ask if I came back to the house at my curfew and I said yes and I always got with it. Teenagers also sink in/out of the house. Some may say that curfew help teenagers to be home on time. They are wrong because most teenagers sink out of their bedroom window. One night around four in the morning I was sleep and then I heard a lot of noise. I got up from my bed and I saw my sister sink in from my bedroom window and so help her to get in my room but around that time we are sharing my room because we had a room met. We both went back to bed and I told we will talk about this in the morning. In the morning I ask her why she sinks out the room, and she said that she needs to think things over, she couldn't sleep, and she want to go outside. I told her what happened if someone just take you and then what happened. She said well no one did and I told yeah thank god. We didn't have our parents. Most teenagers can get in trouble with their parents. When teenagers get in trouble it mostly with their parents because most parents are strict. When parents are strict it that they want what best for their children than they had. When teenagers are in trouble the person they go running to is their parents because they know they something bad, and now they need help for it. On a weekend my friends and I are doing weed in one of my friend basement and her parents catch us doing weed and her parents told my parents. When I got home my parents were in the table, and we all talk. My parents told me to stop doing weed so I did but few years later I was doing weed again, and again they found out somehow. We talk about it now I stop doing weed for good. Curfew is a bad idea on a weekday and weekends. Curfew do not help teenagers on weekdays and weekends because they can stay out more, sink in/out the house, and they can in trouble. These is all my tops three reasons.