A positive attitude is not the key to success in life instead a hardworking attitude is the real key to success in life. Why? The answer is simple just because you are positive doesn't mean that you will accomplish your goals, complete your high school with an advance diploma or even find a job after years in the university, studying a career that you hated but decided to study that because its was the one that it will give you a better future. Therefore, you have to work, study, and move outside your zone of comfort for you to have a successful life. You will accomplish your goals with a hardworking and diligent attitude. If you just have a positive attitude and maybe your goal is to have a car the coming year let me tell you, that you will not only need a positive attitude your will need a lot of requirements, like find a car insurance were you will have to pay monthly and also to the car company if you want a new car from there. After that you will have to work more an payment will not be that same as before it will be less. Basically what I want to say is that just because you have a positive attitude it doesn't mean that you will have a car of the year, no it's not like that, for you to accomplish your goals you will need a hardworking attitude and actually achieve your goals. You are telling me that if you have a positive attitude you will graduate from high school with an advance diploma? No that is not possible, to graduate from high school is a work that you do for 12 years. And all those years you are telling me that you had a positive altitude? that is not true, what happen to those days when you were sick in the school, and you couldn't go home because your house was alone and no one could pick you up from school, you thoughts were positive, or they were just thoughts about how will you survive until the end of the school day?. Having a positive attitude is not the key for your success in school neither in your life everyone has moments when they want to give up on everything and live on a island were you will not have to support the society that this world has. After years of studying a career that you didn't like hoping that when you finish you will find a suitable job for you to be successful and help your family. Years of working in a part-time, nights of no sleeping, hundreds of essays, homework in the midnight and group projects, sometimes not able to pay the next semester, and a lot more is what a university student has to go for them to have a successful life not a positive attitude. And after all that they have to find a job to start paying their debt with the bank. They have to prove in their interview that they are the best of all those people before and after them. In conclusion your successful life will come when you accomplish your goals, graduate from high school and university then find your suitable job. And not all the people can have a successful life because not everyone can go to high school neither university and those people live their life every day hoping for a miracle to come to their life they will have to work every day hoping that one day they will win the lottery, and they will not have to work anymore. Your positive attitude will not take you anywhere.  