Susses is the common word that we hear every day, and everyone wants to become successful in their life. The first step of a person toward susses is school, and it is the golden part of our life, and to make it more enjoyable and comfortable for a student, school and teachers let us do some educational and exciting drama role plays, do a funny science experiment, and let them play their favorite instrument. Today, we got some talented actors, comedians, actresses etc, but they were also students in a time and were sitting on the chairs that we are sitting now. They did their best, try hard, participate in role plays in school, and now we can see where are they now. We can also reach there, and the best way to reach there is to participate in role plays in school, and improve our self from now. However, participating in role play is really fun and enjoyable. Role playing make us improve our daring to stand on podium and represent our self, and improve our emotions. By doing role play we can make people happy, and making someone happy is the biggest joy. The technology and science has developed a lot and experiments are done day by day, and no one wants to stop these experiments. So for that now we want students to learn how to do experiments, and to make them more attractive toward science, we give them some fun and safe experiments such as:making rainbow in air, mixing colors or maybe disappearing coin, which increases their attention and focus on science, and it is actually fun to do these, and our big reason to do this is they are the future. Every student has got a hide talent in their self such as; some students can play music, may draw, or maybe athletic, but these talents are not hidden for always these talents will get appeared sometime. The most popular talent among students is music. Because music directly touch your heart, and make you focus on it. Music has a lot of types it could be happy, sad, angry etc, and it makes you feel like that. We hear music everywhere on TV, in music class,etc. When we hear music we get our emotions out and make our mind light, and we enjoy that. At last, I think school is a place of learning, if someone wants to learn something he always enjoy every class and get something learn from it. We should always enjoy at school and learn something. Because school is our main resource of learning.  