Most students who want to graduate before the years, that they should be taken. Students with the capacity of make their mind strongest, go to their limits, and make one year early. Schools that allow students make more short their school years, if better for most of the students who want to get their diplomas, enter college, and start a career. Students who have a lot of responsibilities and their want a diploma. These program is good to make steps in life. I think college do not have a specific age, just with your goals to make everything without leave school is strong enough to make a year early. Those plans do not make problem, if just a way to finish what you want many people admire those people and see their potential. When a student has an early year because want a start to make a goal. If you see, passed, and remember high school lesson you will be fine, if you study and make your task these option will be good. Many reasons that take people to get these program, if because they usually do not have enough money, have to work, and need to study at the same time, everyone does not have the same opportunity opt for study during summer or online classes. If you analyze students work after school, they want to get a diploma and make a force one year, when they make get one year less that say you are study and passed your classes different can be when teachers give you a year when you don't know anything and teachers approve your year that's different go college when you have no idea how react to many classes than you never see or never show during the period of high school, the students that study during summers or in the evenings are focus in their classes that's because they finish fast and go college to involve in a new goal. Example if you go school and need to work you'll to opt for study in summer or in the evenings that's your best option, students follow to take courses because it's a better idea maybe do not be the same learning, but with effort you can advance. Is not important how many years do you spend in high school, the think is what is your percent of each class. How you can involve in college: studying, focus, and remember what you see or learn. In conclusion each student have different way to think how want to study and how many times want to spend in high school. Most students who take this decision if because they have to work and can spend much time, and they sacrifice some summers or evenings to get close their goals and each one do what is more beneficiary for their way. For me, if a good option opt for finish fast school and start a new stage in our life.