The author Ralph Emerson wrote, '' To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.'' I totally agree with Emerson's statement because be something else is not the greatest accomplishment that you can do, the most important accomplishment that you can do in this big work is always be yourself, be humble about everything, be kind to others, and never change the person that you really are. First, bring humble is one of the most important thing that we always need to have no matter what. Being humble can take you to the top, to be successful in the life. For example, Maricela de Montecristo, is a Salvadorian beauty queen, who won the title of Miss Universe last year and Neustria Bella Latina in 2013. Maricela grow up very poor, but when she was 10 years old, she emigrated with her mom to this country looking for a better life, however, when she came here she went to the school, she learned English, and she did graduate in social communication. In 2013, she decided to compete in a reality show that is called '' Neustria Bella Latina '' and she won, and with all the money that she won, she decided to found an own restaurant for her mom in Las Vegas, Nevada. Six years latter, she decided to compete for Miss Universe El Salvador 2018, where she resulted the winner. That year she went to Thailand to compete for the title of Miss Universe. Now she is a famous person, and she has her own foundation that helps people in countries around the world like Africa, El Salvador, Mexico, Philippines. Also, she is modeling in different countries like Paris, Spain, and Great Britain, but above all these things that she's is doing, she always still humble. In one interview with Telemundo, she said that being humble is the key of being successful in the live, and I totally agree with her. Second, be kind to others is something that defined you as a good person, because people love when someone is really interested in help others. For example, I think that we should be kind to others, help others, because we never know when we're going to need help of these people, in addition, being kind is other accomplishment that you can do in this life, and is something that you can feel proud of be. Third, never change who you really are for something passenger or for something that can not give you happiness, because be yourself is the most important thing that you can do in this big world. For example, my mom told me that being myself is the only thing that can make the difference of me between everyone, she also told me that being gay is not a hindrance to triumphing in my life, because with effort, dedication, and persistence I can do many things in my life, without necessity of change the person who I am. To finish, be yourself is the only and the best thing you can do in your life. There is no other way to be happy and to demonstrated to the world that you don't have to be something else to be successful and to make the greatest accomplishment in your life, because the key always is going to be yourself and be proud the person who you are.