In the future, I hope that one day I will win a "Super Smash Brothers" tournament. Growing up, Smash Bros has always been one of my favorite games as a child, and it had helped bring my siblings and I closer together. I can get paid for winning a tournament, and it will help me get through in life. I know that I can't just win a tournament right off the bat, but I want to try, because the thrill of just winning and having fun is what makes people enjoy this game. Winning a "Super Smash Brothers" tournament is something that I can enjoy while helping me in life." Super Smash Brothers" had helped me bond closer with my siblings throughout my life. Even if we've gotten tired of doing other activities together, we've never got tired of fighting each other in the game. Fighting with my siblings had molded me into the competitive person I am today, so because of that I want to fight other people and get something out of it. It helped me learn to be competitive because it's a competition in the real world. Smash Bros helped me discover other games to enjoy with others like Kirby franchise and the "Legend of Zelda" franchise. Beating other players with characters I love makes me want to play more with new people. I never really had the best communication skills, but I can enjoy playing different video games and competing in tournaments with others while improving my social skills. Winning a tournament can help me get money, so I can buy my necessities in life. Getting the money could help me buy luxuries like a house or a car. If I can win a tournament and get the money, I could have those things and even get more that I need. If I can buy those then I won't have to have help from my family. I could get other games that I enjoy watching other players play. Just by watching people play these games makes me want to compete with them. I always loved competing with others, and now I could even get paid to do so if I win a tournament." Super Smash Bros" just gives me the thrill of competing with others and having fun while doing so. People always get this thrill of winning, and it keeps them going to win more. Every time I beat my brother in a game I get excited each time, and I want to beat new people just to get that thrill. If you don't get that thrill of wanting to do more of what you are doing then you wouldn't do that thing again for a while. Like other games, Smash Bros bring players together by competing with each other and just having fun. I want to experience that with other people in tournaments. Winning a tournament or just competing in one will help me learn that doing activities are not always as fun as doing them with others. My life will be brighter when I accomplish something big like winning a Smash Bros tournament. I've always enjoyed the fun in playing games with others and talking to them about it. It also sounds great when you get paid to do something you love like competing in tournaments. I learned that doing activities are never as fun when you're doing it alone. "Super Smash Brothers" brings others closer together with their families and friends.