Technology facilitate people to do a lot of things without having contact with others? Does technology make human's life easier?. Although, many people argue that technology is affecting the people saying that human spend most of their time using technology, for things that are not productive. I think that technology is good because you need it for your daily. For example, if you are a student you can use technology to help you to do homework, project, or specific things that require technology. However, there are some people that need technology for their life that is required, if you are very sick doctors will have to use technology to understand what sickness do you have. To begin with, using technology you can do many things at the same time that can help you in your daily. For example, there are some time when you have a lot of things to do, and you don't have a lot of time, but if you use technology you will be able to make it, because you can do many things at the same time with technology. Also, technology help you with your job, now there are many machines that you can use in your job that does not need any force of your body, those machines work by using technology. If you work as a security you can security the building by just be in one office and use technology, you can install cameras around the build, and you can security the building from that office by using the cameras, so you won't have to be walking around all the build, and will take you a lot of time to make it. Second, technology can make your life easier. People require to technology when there are things that human can not do. For example there are some jobs that are very hard that require a big force that is impossible for human, but they can use some special machines that are very strong and can do the work. Also, you can search in google things that you don't know. For example, address, news, thing about History, books it is much easier to read a book in google than going to the library that take you more time than just type the book tittle in google. Finally, technology also help schools, all schools use technology for their information. For example teachers have computer where they have the information of their students, where they have their work all the materials that they need to teach. Also, teachers have special program that they used to teach, make easier their work. However, teacher, and schools do almost all their work by using technology. In addition, students need technology to do their classwork when it requires using computer, or personal device. In conclusion, technology is super important, helpful for everyone, and everything. People won't be able to do the work or things that they do now without technology. Humans need it for our benefit to make our life easier. Life won't be the same without technology, schools, Hospital, Banks, everything could be different. Also, no technology will affect the community in their daily tasks, like what they do every day with technology. I think the world won't be the same without technology.