When you were in high school would you have committed the career you have now? Many people do know what they want to do for their career, but others do not. In my opinion committing to a career at a young age is not a good idea. There are many people that choose a career at a young age, and now years later, they are not happy, or they get bored. A lot of high school students do not know what they want to have as their career. It is also a lot of pressure for students to figure out what they want to do for the rest of their lives. When students go to high school, some of them want to explore different class to figure out what exactly, they want to do as their career. For example, I am in the 11th grade, and I still have not committed to a career. In the last 2 years, I was able to see what I might want to commit to and ones I do not have interest in. Some might say they want to be a doctor, lawyer, or even a teacher. But many might not go for that career in the future. Maybe it is because they found a different career that they love but figured it out at a different age. I see some people that are over 30, and are not happy with the career they committed to at a young age. They do not like going to work as much. Also, when they committed to a career, they could have through it was totally different. But when they started to study for that career, it was a little to late because they committed to it. When I am older, I want to be at least a little happy with what I have my career as. In the other sides' opinion, I do see why committing to a career at a young age is pretty important too. It is better to have students study what career they want to commit to, so they can start to studying for it. Then they can start to expand their career at a young age. If I knew what career exactly I wanted to commit, I would have been taking classes for that specific career in high school. It is always good to know what you want to study for at a young age, so you do not have to worry about it in the future. Students still not knowing what to commit to and having to commit to a career that the students might not like in the future are my two main supports to my opinion. I choose these two, because I think it supports my opinion the best. Students can always figure out what career they want in college, they do not have to know right away. It's a big part of a students' life to commit to something they are going to be doing as their career. But it is always a pretty good idea to know what career you want to do at a young age. 