People who value self-reliance define it as the need for each individual to follow his or her own instincts and ideas. There is a quote that says, "If you want to go fast go by yourself, but if you want to far go with someone else". As the quote says, I think that it's very important to have someone to guide us throughout the course of our lives. I agree that seeking for guidance from experts to make wise decisions can have a great impact in our lives. Experts and authorities can provide us with advices to make good decisions in life and accomplish our goals more easily.First, having someone to guide you throughout the decisions you make in life could help you accomplish a goal a lot easier. For example, when I was in middle school I used to think that doing individual work was faster and easier. However, I noticed that most of my classmates who worked in groups finished all the assignments in less time than I did. This experience showed me the importance of always having someone to give you their opinion to accomplish a goal quickly and avoid wasting your time. Thus, seeking for guidance from experts can help you achieve any goal you set in life and avoid wasting your time on making wrong decisions. In addition, you will learn and gain experience if you have someone expert to guide you. For example, having an expert guiding you will allow you to see his different points of view and learned from his teachings. This will allow you to learn from his teachings and experiences and reflect about them. Furthermore, relying on with an expert will give you the chance to learn new lessons and in the future give you the opportunity to make your own decisions. Finally, you will learn how to make wise choices by learning from the lessons that an expert or authority could offer you. Some people say that having someone telling you what to do will limit you from choosing what's best for you. For instance, when I was 10 years old I really wanted to make my own decisions that I thought were best for me. In whatever manner, I rarely got to choose my own decisions because my brother was always there telling what decisions to make. As I grew older I understood that my brother was just guiding me through the right path. Because my brother had experienced many of the situations I went through, he was able to help me and in many occasions avoid me from failing. Therefore, experts and authorities will be there to not let you fail and always look for what's best for you. In conclusion, seeking from guidance from experts may not give you the freedom to make your own decisions, but it will help you accomplish your goals rapidly and efficiently. Since experts have already experienced many rough situations in life, they will know how to make decisions that will benefit us in the best way. Furthermore, in the course of the path with an expert guiding you, you will learn a lot of things that will help you make better choices. Finally, you will avoid wasting a lot of your life's time trying to follow your own instincts and ideas. 