Why should people make their own decision? I think so people should make their own decision because all people have to make their own decisions or their own choose. It is really helpful to make your own decision you will know better what to do. It is our own life than we should make our own decision. If we make our own decision I think, so we have more freedom. All people should make their own decision. They all need to make own decision because you will have more freedom, you will now butter what to do, and Malay if we make our own decision life will be easy for us. It is hard to understand other people own decision. We all need to make our own decision to choose what we want to do That why I think, so our own decision is butter than other people own decision. I think so people should make their own decision. To make our own decision It is like we have more freedom want we want to do. Freedom is like that what we choose and what is our own decision to do every day OT on future. Our own decision is butter than other people own decision. Own decision is like with ever you are raft you will do it. Our own decision is butter I think so. We will pick what we like to do in our own life. If we make our own decision than our life will easier. Malay other people own decision is different from one own decision or Malay we don't like their decision. Then we will have hard time with their own decision. Mabey if we make our own decision life will be easy for us. They Malay want something different, or we don't like each other Owen decision that why I thank each person should have their own decision. It is good to make one own decision we will have allies a great life. It is our own life that we should make our own decision or our own choose. Our own choose or our own decision is butter than other people decision or choose. I think so people should make their own decision because all people have to make their own decisions or their own choose. It is really helpful to make your own decision you will know better what to do. It is our own life than we should make our own decision. Other people own decision hard for some people to understand them. If we both don't like each other own decision we will have hard time.