In life, there is ups and downs. You can live you're the best life and still fail at times. Failure teaches most people lessons. People also don't care at all. Although, failure can also bring success, if you move smart. Yes, I agree with Prime Minister Churchill with this statement, it all adds up. This all depends on you're level of enthusiasm. How you can handle failure and just grow, learn from mistakes. Failure can bring success. In life there is ups and downs. Nothing wrong with that at all. For example, you try so hard at something and still fail. All you can do is to learn and grow from that mistake. This just how life goes. When you have been down bad, just pick yourself up and move forward. Positive attitudes will help a lot. Failure teaches people lessons also. If you're trying, working hard you are leading yourself to success, you could probably fail at times. Failure is part of life is my point. Growing and learning from mistakes help a lot for most people. With good enthusiasm, leads to a good path and positive mindset. Learning from mistakes can or will lead to success, just depends on you're next actions and command. This is an important topic, because who doesn't want to be successful in life. Being positive can help a lot. For example, people that have negative attitudes can lead to bad mindsets, we don't want that from you, unless you want that. The things or people you are around may cause a bad or good mindset. This all depends on how you approach things and act. Positive actions, thoughts, people will help you learn much stuff. Failure is an important roll in life. It brings success. It doesn't feel too good to fail, It just how things goes. Nothing wrong with failing, it's all about learning from mistakes. Failure plays the roll of life and success. Even the small can lead you to success in many ways. For example, you can fail at school, home, at anything, just pick yourself up and move forward. It isn't easy, but it is worth the weight on your life. Failure is a big word, so is success. There are many ways you can lead to success. Without loss of enthusiasm and good attitude brings you to a real world. You can fail and still succeed that's the important part. Not give up is also a good solution. Positive surroundings, small things, full enthusiasm, you will be on the right path. Their will be ups and downs, you should understand that. Learning from mistakes is the most important role of success, it helps you grow better and positively. Yes failure can lead to success.  