The violin is a hard instrument to master, even with many years. It takes hours and hours of practices and skill to enjoy putting your time into it. I always had a great amount of interest in violins as a kid. Soon enough, I was given lessons for the violin. Something's skills you would want to have is patience, knowing to push yourself to a current limit, and enjoying it. With those skills, my talent on the violin has increased over the years and overcame phases. When I have first shown interest in violins, as I remember, was in Generic_City back in 2008. We were at a gas station on a road trip, and stopped to eat. I saw a kid magazine with a toy violin that came along with it. That really caught my attention, as I begged my mom to buy me it. Eventually, she gave in and bought me the toy violin. I pretended like it was a real violin, and strung the strings with my fake bow. Ever since I had gotten that toy violin, I would not stop bringing it everywhere with me. After a few years went, I had moved to Generic_City and my parents decided I should actually get lessons on the violin in 2013. On the first lesson, I felt really nervous because my wish was finally coming true. I really thought I was going to be perfect on the first day. Of course, I was not good at all on day one. Soon, came to my realization that the violin is something you could not master in just in a year. My dad had made me a daily schedule for me to practice everything, so I could increase my talent and abilities. That's how I was able to go through the "first phase" of violin lessons went by. Saturday afternoons felt super weird since I was not attending any lessons. My family and I had moved back to Generic_City, and I did not have any violin lessons. During the last two years of the four, in Generic_City I had be slacking off from my practices. Yet, I still wanted to continue with my talent and not give up. After a few months went by in Generic_City, I begged my parents to let me take lessons on violin. It was déjà vu all over again from 7 years ago. We found out there was after-school lessons I could take. Suddenly, everything felt like the very first lesson I took in 2013. The new instructor said I was pretty good and could immediately start on the second book, instead of the first "beginners" book. It felt great knowing I was off to a great start. Everything was going fine for the next five months, until I started to slack off again but worse. I always enjoyed playing the violin, but it began a chore. I was not improving as much, as I was back in Generic_City. Furthermore, I did not feel happy about the violin for the next three years. The thoughts of how the violin was not going to take me anywhere always lingered in my mind. It was not my dream to be a famous violinist or an instructor. Reasons just kept piling up till I told my parents about my thoughts and feelings. They had told me it would be a waste of six years worth of money for me to give up. I still practiced and slightly improved, but I still unhappy. You can tell if someone is doing something they clearly don't want to do, but are forcing themselves. After countless arguments, cries, and rants to friend, I realized that no one can convince me to enjoy the violin again instead, I had to convince myself to. Our family was moving once again, but to Virginia. Ever since we left Generic_City, I had not touched a violin in a year and that is when I was reminiscing on the days when I was playing the violin. I thought to myself, why did I hate practicing and going to lessons so much? The violin is something that I could never let go of because of the amount of work and years put into it. I would love to improve on my talent more instead of throwing it all out, it would be a big waste to do so. You should always push yourself to a current limit though, not until you break down. But you can give a lot of time to decide whether you will ever be happy from doing something you don't currently want to do. It could really be just a phase you could be having. The best feeling is honestly really great knowing that you weren't pushing yourself to do something you didn't want to do anymore. That is how I grew my skills, and my talent in violin more. I also grew to enjoying the violin more.  