Some people don't know how to play basket ball, Well I have some things that might help you with basket ball or build it or anything with the sport. The first thing is the environment, most people play outside and others play inside, well I think you should play outside mostly on summer days because the environment is cooler or warmer than other months. The second thing you should do is to try not to play in extreme temperature. The third thing is make sure its not high winds outside to be cold, this will affect your gameplay for basket ball if its high winds. Fourth thing is the good days to play basket ball, like summer days or spring time. The last thing for the environment is the day time and night time, you should play in the daytime because night time you can't see much but in daytime you can pretty much see everything. Equipment is important for basket ball, so here some things you would need for basket ball. The first thing is a basket ball, make sure the ball is full of air and a from grip. When play basket ball make sure the court is large enough for the sport. The court need to be a flat surface for the basket ball not to roll off. The next thing is a pole for the basket, make sure the pole is high enough for the basket and the ball to reach. The basket needs to be wide enough for the ball and a net that is short enough for the ball. The last thing for equipment is the outline of the court, it needs the outline for linking up shots. The skill of basket ball is important because of the gameplay is to win the game. Fitness is important for basket ball because it can bring up your stamina. Team work can make the game change from a losing game to a wining game, just by passing the ball to a teammate is important for skill. If you want to be good at the game then practice and trained your shots and make new openings. Strategy is important with teammates to win the game, think of new ways to beat the opposite team. Then you have planing, planing ahead is a good way of back up plans to prevent losing. People just need to practice and trained if they want to be good at something.