The success is what people really want all the time, but it is not easy at all. Sometimes we have to pass thought difficult situation to get to the success. Each person want to be successful in life, but to get what we really want, we have to be positive with the head up. We don't have to put ourselves in an uncomfortable situation because it won't help us to get the success that we want. It's just going to help us to go through the way of failure. Not all the time going to be easy. We must have to fail a lot of time, it helps us to see what we are doing wrong, and what we have to change to get what we want. We just have to keep going with enthusiasm and believe in ourselves. The success help to the people to be someone in life. We can see in our everyday how hard is life, and how we have to strive ourselves to get the success, but we can see that there are obstacles, and we have to know how to pass through it. Life is hard, but nothing is impossible if we have already planned what we want. Sometimes we don't get the result on what we have been worked. But nothing can be hard at all, we have to know that all is possible, we don't have to take it as impossible. One example that we can see in our everyday are the students in the university. Not all of them have the support of the family to cover the cost to pay the CLAS in the university. Some of them have to work to get the money and pay their study. Some of them have to fail because it's not easy to do at a lot of things at the same time, but we can see that they keep going through it, doesn't matter what. To get the success we have to work and just focuses what we want. At the end we can see the result. We must have to fail a lot of time, but we have to have in mind that we can do it. The people who graduate, at the end they remember how hard it was. But they believed in their selves and also kept their head up with enthusiasm, and learned of each mistake that they had done in the way to the success. Other example can be the student from other country in high school, at the end of each year the student have to do a test of each subject they have. But is not easy for them because not all of them speak English, they have to learn a lot and out themselves in a hard situation to do it. They have to effort a lot themselves, some of them have to fail like three time to pass the test. But they know that nothing is impossible if they believe in themselves. They know that they have to take tests to graduate, we can see the Hispanic student in Generic_School, they have to take the ESOL test each year, but they have to study a lot because their first language that they know is Spanish, and they just have been in this country in a little while. For some of them the situation is hard, but at the end we can see them in their way to graduate and how proud they are of themselves because it's not easy to learn English. Also, we can see the organizations that want to help to the people who don't have anything, they have to do a lot of things and have to be prepared because no one know if they going to get what they want. The government and other institutions have to prove the organization and one of the best examples is Shakira and her foundation ''Pies Decals", she wants to help to the children with the education, and alimentation. She had to do a concert to get the money to start with her foundation, she has been in hard situation, but she always believed in herself. We can see today how she had changed the life of millions of children around the world, how benefitted with education and alimentation they are. Child from poor families are now someone in life, some of them are in the university. All can be hard but never impossible. She accomplishes her dream, doesn't matter what. In her way, were obstacle and difficult things. But she didn't give up because of that. People have to know that doesn't matter what they can active what they really want and keep going in their way to the success. Nothing in life going to be easy, but they have to know that dreams can come true. They must have to fail a lot of time in the pursuit of success. But they have to know that nothing going to be in the way they want, but they can keep going until they can active their purpose. Doesn't matter how many times they have to fail, if they want to be someone in life they have to know that the way have a lot of surprises but that have to have in their mind that nothing is impossible if they see that situation in that way. We all can be successful in life, we just have to believe in ourselves and keep in mind that no one can make us feel less than them, we all are equal, we all have dreams, and we all can achieve what they want in life to be successful.  