Author Ralph Waldo Emerson wrote,"unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow ". Based on mine on experiences, I disagree with Emerson's statement. Because people grow up every single day, people learn new things from things they mastered in, and people grow no matter what they in. Firstly, people learn new things every day. When it comes to studies and growing, a lot of people try their best to master in what they are trying to do. Most people spend more time to mastered in what they want to do but the more you study, the more you grow knowing all kinds of things. For example, when I first move to America, it was hard for to master or get used to the culture, food, speaking but the more I learn more about the country the more I grow in it. Now if I tell you can speak English good you will not believe it. You do need to move beyond what have mastered in to grow. Because you can master in math, but you don't know the whole thing about stuff. So I think the more person do what they are mastered in the more they grow. Specially, people like my who have been teaching for this whole life is even grown as new generation comes in. In fact, even a business can only grow if the CEO of the company have mastered on that position and ready to learn more things about it. Besides this, people grow every single day. However, Some people grow single day. Because the more you study for the things you have mastered the more you grow. For example, it is like teaching a kid how to eat. It does matter how mastered you have been paint with kids, teach them every day and more the the kids the more grow to understand not only how to eat but so many things they saw from you. We may master in one thing, but it has so many things connected to it .that can help thrift life without changing you the career, job or whatever it may be. I like how some students take cosmetology, they take this for two year to have a certificate, but that does mean the student all have mastered in it so that is it. You learn about it to take you a different level. It last teach them to skill not only on make up and hair but to be paint with costumers and their own friend too. Moreover, people can grow thrift new education about their woke. Sometimes, people grow through new ability about their work or what have mastered in. people normally change or grow when there is to learn about what they mastered in. I said this because many learn more grow when there is a new change in system of education, economics, business. For example, doctor grow more when they have to learn more about something have ever seen all done but in same field work. Like how you get to study more when you take IB course but not just they bring new things to help do you work on time and stuff. In summary, I think that the route Emerson wrote was not right because how can someone mastered some that can not help them grow.people thing will help them grow in the future. I think people who are hopping jobs to jobs or whatever they are doing is bad, because doesn't help you to grow.because you get enough time them you switches.