Have you ever wonder what would happen if you know more about something you like, something you want to experience, how people can do many things, how they learn how to do a lot of things. Do you impress of how some persons can have more than one career, do you wonder how they make that happen, how they did it, how they make it until the end? People who know a lot of things means that they have been trying different things. People should try to do more things because trying new things is like an adventure, people learn more things and growing makes you a better person. Trying new things is like an adventure. When people do something that they did not know or want it to know more about it, they look at that like a new experience, something that they would enjoy doing. My oldest sister know how to make cakes, she thought that was all she can do, but one time I dare her to do a recipe that is famous in my country, "popular" she didn't know how to make it, but she tries, she fails and what she cooks was awful, but she started to practice and try until she reaches it. Know she can make popular and cakes, but not only that, she was trying to do different stuff, so now she almost has her own restaurant. She demonstrates me that doing more than I know is awesome, that it can teach me new things and that I am capable of doing more than I know. People learn more things. When people try to do something they start by trying and when they try, they fail and when they fail they learn something new, so next time that they try to do not make the same mistake. When I came here I thought I wouldn't learn English and that I wouldn't have friends, but then I thought "If I don't start practicing or trying to learn I won't be able to communicate with others" so I start trying and now I speak a little more and understand a little more. Then I thought "I need to speak with other, so I can practice more" but I was so scared that people wouldn't understand me, but I had to try, and then I start trying to talk with others, now I am not afraid of talk with others anymore, my English is growing and my experiences too. I would be stuck if I hadn't tried. My sister is in middle school, she likes to do sports, she knows how to play some but not others. In her school after school they make clubs about sports. Last semester they had a club about basketball, she didn't know how to play basketball, but she wanted to learn, she wanted to try something knew. She enjoys the club and she learn how to play basketball, know in this semester they have a club about volleyball, she doesn't know how to play volleyball, but she wanted to learn something more, know she is in the club of volleyball. She learns how to play 2 sports, she is growing in knowledge of sport, if she can play volleyball and basketball that means she can play any sport she likes or wants. Furthermore, she knows that if she wants to success she needs to try and if she fails, she needs to try again until she made, that knowing one thing does't mean that's all she can do. Unless people try to do something beyond what they know, they will never grow. They need to do things to know who they are, what makes them special, what can they do, what are capable of, what can they do, in what they are good, how they feel doing something. Doing something means growing, growing in knowledge, education, skills and more. People who do more than they know, makes them smarter, they try new things, things that they didn't know that they could do. When people want to do something beyond what they know they would fail, but failing doesn't mean you can't do it, failing means you are almost gaining what you want, you are almost reaching your goal, you are doing great, because you know what to do and what not to do. Just because something did not go like you wanted does't mean it didn't work, it means something went bad, and you don't need to do it again, so next time that you try you already know what not to do. Experiences make people better, growing makes people better, trying makes people better, all people are capable of doing what they want. 