Why does most people want multiple advice when they are seeking for advice? As human beings we all go through hard times in life because that is how life works. When we go through those hard times we want to ask for help from maybe a friend, family, or just anyone that is close to you, and you know them very well. Seeking for advice does not only mean you are having trouble with something. Asking for advice can also mean asking someone if you are making the right choice. Something that we have to remember is that not everyone is not ok with asking people for their advice. There are many reasons why most people are afraid of asking their friends or family for advice is because they are scared they might judge them or laugh at them. Something else most people are afraid is their family or friends might think they are crazy, or they are just making things up. For my final reason I think this reason is the really important in my opinion because this is what a lot of time kids, teens, go through is people might think they are doing this for attention. Now by attention I don't mean something as, so they could get the parents' attention I mean they might be asking for your advice because you are the parent, and you know what's right for your own kid, and you want to always make sure you support them no matter what. What I am writing about is something that I have been through in life. There were a lot of times in my life where a lot of my friends were going through really hard times in life and most of the pain they were going through was their families not caring or thinking that their kid is crazy, and they just want attention. The truth is if you want to help your friends or even family members you need to give them the right opinions that you have and help them find other people who can help them and give them their opinions. Something else that is really helpful when seeking multiple opinions is, it helps the person make a better choice. Again this might not be so easy for the person, but it opens more doors for them, and it makes them feel like they do have a way out of their problems. In 6th grade I had a really great friend she came from a different countries, and she was from Generic_City, and had no idea how to speak English. She did know some words like how to say hi or tell her name, but that was all she could speak. After a couple of months in school I noticed that she was having a very hard time in school because many people bullied her. Every day when she came to class she was always sad, or she was always in the office. I knew that my friend was going through something, so I tried talking to her and helped her by giving my opinions of what she can do and what she should do in order to love her problems. By giving her many opinions she was able to overcome her problems and she was always happy, and she was starting to speak a little more English, and it was like as if she was a whole new person. This might not be easy for many people who have a close friend that is going through something, and they don't want to talk about it because most of the time they are shy, or they don't want people to know. Always keep in mind that just because that person does not want to tell you anything does not mean they are ok, or they don't need help, always try to talk to them and tell them that you care, and you want to help them. This can also build up the persons confidence, and it helps them to open up more with their feelings, and they can try to talk to their family members or their friends more often. Now why is Seeking Multiple opinions really important? Well I just told you there are many reasons why it's important. It helps people to know they matter and there is a solution to their problems no matter what they are going through. It opens more doors for them, and helps them know that they do matter, and they should talk to people they can trust. Something that parents need to keep in mind is that when your kid asks for advice don't think they are crazy, or they just want attention because that is not the point, they just want help with what they are going through. Again by attention I don't mean something as, so they can get the parents' attention I mean they might be asking for your advice because you are the parent, and you know what's right for your own kids, and you want to always make sure you support them no matter what.  