My Dad is someone who has shared wisdom and experience with me. And it's really important for me for him to shared that. Because helps me get better at things, it teaches me new things that I didn't even know about, and also helps me grow smarter and as a better person. Learning from someone like my Dad. Hearing wisdom from my Dad will definitely make me a better and smarter person. Because it will make me motivated to think like him and be like him. It will also make me work and study harder, so I can get to where his telling me to. And not only I could be like my Dad one day I could probably be a better person and smarter person than him. Because my Dad would push me to work as hard to be the best. Learning new things from someone that has an experience like my Dad can help me have better ideas about what I'm doing. And it gives me an open mind about new ideas that I didn't even know about. It also helps me create new ways how to do stuff. And will also gives me better techniques and more ideas. So in the future I can try to change and try different things from what I have learned from my Dad. It's also really important for my Dad to give me his wisdom, Because I can't imagine doing stuff without someone helping me on things that I don't even know about. It just helps me to stay more focus in my work by just hearing from someone Like my Dad. Furthermore, it makes me want to try harder than other people and be better than I. And lastly it will make me think smarter and push my self to be the best I could be. So I think it's kinda obvious that every person or even smart people needs sometimes help from someone that's has an experienced before. Because by just hearing from them will teach you new ways new ideas and even stuff you didn't even know existed. Everyone is not perfect in this world and everyone definitely needs help on something it doesn't have to a big thing it can be a very small things. But I think by just hearing from someone that has an experienced before will definitely help you to be better person.  