One educational activity I like to do is doing a science project is the most fun thing to do with your friends. This type of projects give you a lot of knowledge, and this projects give you an idea on how nature works is easy to do and is fun. Also getting help form your friends is better everyone gets to give ideas and help with the fun project. A science project is also fun because you get to work with chemicals and see the reaction of each chemical. This is one of the most enjoyable educational things to do. Doing a science project gives knowledge specially if is about nature. If the project is about nature the things you're going to learn are fun and easy for example what causes wind, solar system, and how does the moon help us these projects are going to make you learn about how earth works. Learning is boring, but the science projects make learning more fun, and it gives ideas for future projects. Also working as a team with you're friends is helpful because you get to hear different parts, and it would help you learn more about the project you are doing. Working as a team to see the different points of view of everyone is fun, and it helps for the project. This is fun because you get to help friends out, and do experiments with chemicals. Presenting the project would make you nervous if your by your self if you did it in a group it's going to be fun and also easier. Working on a project with friends is always going to be fun specially on a science one because you have to repeat the project three times to make sure it gives the same result every time and it's super educational to do. The chemicals you use during a project could be dangers but at the same time they could be fun to use. This is an educational fun project because you get to see how the reaction of different chemicals. The most fun part of a project is that you get to repeat things more than once in order to get the correct results is the most fun thing during a project testing out stuff. This is one of the most enjoyable educational stuff you can do and its fun. This is an enjoyable thing to do you have so much fun doing a project, and Helping out friends by giving them ideas for the project working as a team to make it perfect and learning. For me this is the most fun thing to do when I have a project, and there's so many more activities, but a science project is enjoyable to do and is also the most fun thing to do.  