Failure plays a huge part of becoming successful. By failing people are learning on how not to make the same mistakes again. For example lets say that I was trying to become a professional soccer. I played for the best clubs, I was named the best player in the team, and I have never been cut from a team. One day my cache tells me that there is a professional soccer try out next week, and he wants me to get ready. So he gives me a schedule on what I should be doing to get fit. Every day I have to eat right and train hard. I did all of those things someday I did not want to train and just start eating unhealthy but I fought through it. Try out day comes and I was ready as I will ever be. We started out with warm-ups and went to drills. I was amazing. I was like the best player at the field. At the end of the day they gathered everybody up and called all the people that made it. I was not one of them. I have failed to become a pro soccer player. Now this is the part where enthusiasm plays a role. I can either stop playing soccer and chose a different south or I can pick my head I'm and try again. Failing tests you on how national you are at what you are doing and are you willing to fail again and again to be successful. A good example would be the book persuade of happened. In this book the main person makes a kuchen, and he wants to sell in. But nobody would buy it. He was also a dad with one kid and lived in a total. He got kicked out of the total because he was not able to pay his bills. So he was homeless for a couple of weeks. Even though he was homeless that did not stop him from trying to sell his MacLean. Still nobody was willing to buy it off of him. Final after his ups and downs someone bought his McLean. The person that bought it told some people on how good the Aachen was, and they started to buy it to. He became successful because he did not give up on his dream even though he was getting rejected every time he tried to sell it. Failure is the key to your success.