Welcome to the story about 5 good friends. Who have a bit of trouble deciding where to visit? Then have a good time at all. One day the 5 good friends or known as Generic_Name, Generic_Name, Generic_Name and Generic_Name were planning. To go to a park, Generic_Name and Generic_Name wanted to go. At a community park but Generic_Name and Generic_Name suggested a state park. Generic_Name then was convicted at the state park but. Generic_Name and Generic_Name were not Generic_Name said "why not the national park its huge and beautiful". After some talking and arguments everyone decided. We'll go to the most voted park first to the least since. State park had the most votes that was their first destination. When they arrived almost everyone was happy except Generic_Name. Generic_Name didn't really care where we went he just wants to hurry this up, so we all can soon go to the national park. Generic_Name just a bit mad but also trying to have a good time. Few hours later park announced "the park is closed please exit have a good night" not noticing the time. Generic_Name, Generic_Name, Generic_Name, Generic_Name and Generic_Name all ran to the car then headed home. On the way home Generic_Name started getting a bit excited because in a week everyone gonna. Have to go to the park she voted for the community park. A week later Generic_Name waking up early and telling them to eat breakfast and get. Ready to go, 2 hours later everyone all ready for the. Community park wasn't really that far it's about 20 minutes over there. When they arrived wasn't really a lot activities like the state park but was a good place for a walk and another spot. To eat and take breaks,"alright so eat or start walking" said Generic_Name. Everyone said walk first to see what's around and maybe play ball at a good spot. During the walk they came back to the spot where they can eat. Generic_Name said "well I guess it's time to eat then lets play a quick game of ball then we go home. They finished then decided to play a quick ten minutes of ball. As ten minutes go by they forget about the time and. Instead, played for thirty minutes they all went back. To the car and on their way home on the. Way tho Generic_Name was telling everyone "Guys next week finally time for the nation park"Four days later everyone went to go buy 2 cameras because. If they loose 1 they Generic_Name will be holding the other one. Generic_Name will be holding the extra was expensive, but they had to go with it. Three days later Generic_Name waking up late, but he thought he was early. So he went to everyone rooms to go wake them up, but they were. Gone in shock he ran to the living room to see everyone saying "good moving sleepy head". Generic_Name quickly went to get his clothes ran to his closet to change and get ready. As he is finally done he ran saying "are we all ready" with joy everyone shouted "YES". Then they drove of to the final park of their month and "hopefully" said Generic_Name last one of the year. When they arrived Generic_Name with almost anything that's a positive feeling. Soon turn to sad because he completely forgot his camera because he was in a rush getting ready. Everyone felt bad, Generic_Name came up to him and said "don't work remember Generic_Name always has the extra". Generic_Name said to Generic_Name "Thank you i nearly rewed our whole trip". She replied "gotta be out their when your friends need help". They hugged as they entered they were amazed to see how huge and beautiful this place is. Everyone wants to go in a different direction, but they only had one camera so. Once again they had to vote where to go.