Former British Prime Minister Winston Churchill once said that ''success consists of going failure to failure loss of enthusiasm. "Do you agree with of Churchill's statement about the important role that failure plays in the pursuit of success ? Take a position on this question. Use reasons and specific examples to support your ideas. Yes I agree. The Failure in My life. The failure in the life is just the first step of counsel to success. From experience, I'm saying yes that the failure makes my life better. Like when I came America with zero English that was the biggest straggle in my counsel. As temple, student and self developing. Emyplee. First, as temple it was not easy to find job because of English language. So way where was applying for jobs the company require have whether Spins or English, so I can not speak any of other, for tow year I was just home, job no money to help my family back home because of language I did not stop after two years fund a job, so I was dishwasher, it was too tough to communicate with my Mangers and employees too. They were making fun of me when I spook English. But that never stop me from what I want to do. Now I'm a superior in the pace I work for it. I did not let the language or anything's else to stop me back from what would be my life best. School and Study. Second, as student that was the harder than that I though. No back round of school like knowledge or education because I have never been in the school in my childhood so that made it for me so difficult to understand what the teachers were saying. So another attack of failure in my way, I did not know how to study because there was no one to help me what should I do in that time so fall at school. Because of what other people were saying about me like that impossible that you can go further than that you are now which is can not get high school diploma there were a lot of failure in my life. From failure to a big surprise that I'm making this year, I will be my graduation form high school and the nest will be collage. Because I do not what let other people make decision of what should I do or not. Self developmentThird was to wake to believe of myself and to make nay decision. There were a lot of pressure no me. I could not focus with what I was doing like school and work and other thing because of people around me. I could not eat well for two years and I got sick. All my families were worry about me. So over and over I fall of everything. And one day I asked one of my friend what you did to be successful in your life. ''she said be yourself and if you are important to yourself that will make it different''. That word change my life to think positive. Nothing can make me stay a way from what make me successful. And the end, as human our enthusiasm can make us stronger than failure. We have to look what other people did in the life because of enthusiasm. As human, we can learn any things that we thought that is hard to learn it.  