So many students need to finish the school more early than others, it's a good think the student finish high school in three years, they have more opportunities for study wherever they like. Although some students will don't want graduate early because they are not ready to being a university life or alone life, nevertheless for others students is a good choice being her life or overtake her life, for example they have more opportunities for study a long profession like Doctor, students will have more time to doing think they like as to travel, and if they want can make a family. Students make a complied because they want to study a long profession, and they don't have some many times to doing all thing they want. The students said normally the people finish high school between the 17 or 18, and they know are young, but some time they need a break before to enter the college and if one student want to study a long profession he or she doesn't have so many times to take a break and study a profession like a doctor than is during like5 or 6 years. This significant than student need more time to doing one thing fun before to enter the college. Additionally, in the future maybe they need another break after the finish college I opportunity the young people like travel too much and know others countries, they own country, they want to watch new things, they know different s people, different language, different accent or pass free time with her family, friend, or play any sports. This is important because although they have time when they graduate at 18 or 19. Maybe if they finish high school when they have 16 have more time to graduate the college early and doing so many things they like to do. Another students want finish early high school to do others things so different like make a family and find a good job they like so much. So many adolescences think in money since so young, they need money, money for buy some material thing like a car, an apartment, so many clothes so expensive. This is important because the adolescences think finish most early high school is like they said" if I graduate the high school a 16 then a began to work like than I will have 21 I have all the thing I need for beginning an alone life, then will want to married get a big family. In conclusion, the a good program of some schools than students can graduate in three years, sometime students need more time in her life for doing thing they like and the opportunities for choice a some long profession and have time to do thing they like or job for a better life.  