I agree with Emerson's statement about individuality because in this world you have to be yourself and if it doesn't matter how you are, you have to be yourself even if the world is against, because the world doesn't change you. You change the world, and you have to be sure what you want and what you do not want, you have to be yourself, you can be different, the different it is not bad, because sometimes "Be like others is do not be no one". For those reasons is why you have to be yourself, you have to follow your dreams, and you have to fight for them, don't let the people throw you, and if you felt, you have to get up and keep fighting for your dreams. Remember if you felt 99 times, you have to get up 100 times, and never let that people and the world convert you in something that you don't want it, in something that you don't love it, in something that you don't wish or something that you don't enjoy. Also in my life some people tried to change myself, but I always try the way to carry on and keep fighting for my drams, and one of my dreams was traveled to this country, and some people told me that I can not do it, even some people told me that I will die on the long way from El Salvador to the United States. That was a long and a hard way, a difficult trajectory, but I did my objective. It was not easy, because sometimes I had to sleep in the desert or in some mountains, so the polices can not found me.Also, sometimes I had to move the one place to another placer and some people and I did it across the cars, but we had to hide on the trunk of the cars, and I remember we are like 12 persons on a trunk car. It was not easy but I did it. I remember some days that I had to walk for hours to be in some places close the border, and also some days that I didn't eat anything because I didn't have food, and in some occasions I feel that I can't any more, but on my mind I had an objective and a dream. My objective and my dream where stayed in this country and to provide help to my family. But in my mind I am keeping have some objectives and dreams, and one of my objectives is makes to my parents proud of me and one of another objective for me is being an example to my brothers, I want to give it to them the best of the world. My brothers and my parents are the reason why I work hard every day, and I try to do the best on school, I try to be a perfect students, but sometimes it is hard for me, because the languages are different, so I try every day to learn English, so everything can be easier and that can help me a lot. You always have to be yourself because a more than a person goes to like you, so just be you and don't let the world change you. Keep dreaming and get focus on your objectives. Don't be afraid in a world that is constantly trying to, AKE you something else, just be you and don't worry be happy, enjoy the little big things that the world give it to you like friends and family, enjoy with people that you love, and always be thankful with everything, if it doesn't matter if it is good or bad, everything happen for a reason.