What Minister Churchill is trying to say is that going from failure to success is not going to be easy in life. What could they do to reach their career and have success? People will agree with this statement. Not everyone is going to succeed in life, we all make mistakes. People just got to try harder even if it takes years to achieve. Failure is not the end of the world, people just got to find what is best for them. Going from failure to success in life is not easy, but they just got to have the potential to reach that goal. First, some people may tell others that going from failure to success is a good thing. For example, my friends told someone that playing basketball is not a good sport for him, but overtime he has gotten better at basketball. Most people in the world are going to say "practice makes perfect." Another example is that my sister wanted to go to UVA, and she studied hard to get into that college, my family thought they wouldn't accept it, but a few weeks later, they accepted her in UVA. Things aren't going to be easy, people just got to understand that it is life, we just got to work harder. On the other hand, most people in the world experience this. There is not one person in the world that didn't have any issues throughout their whole life. Even in school, it is very unlikely to find someone that is not having a hard time with their classes. Everyone was not smart when they were born, people got to work for it to get smarter. Here is another example, my Math and History have good grades, but my English and Science don't have good grades, so not everyone is going to have good grades, people have strengths and weaknesses, they just got to study and work because not everyone is perfect. In addition, some others may say that going from failure to success is a waste of time. Others say that it won't help their career in the future. People think that there is a lot of information in school, college, and even a job that they have to go through just to have success in life. They also say that they have to work hard to pay for their house, their bills, health insurance, car insurance, and even for their family. The people in the world that say that it is a waste of time are the people that can be homeless or the people that just have no life at all. Lastly, the reason why that everyone should always go from failure to success is because it's going to make people feel good about their selves. Another reason why you should be successful is if people finish everything they need for their career, then they don't have to deal with it in the future than having to deal with it later. Also, it is a good idea if they study and learn the materials they could accomplish. Even if people don't succeed in life it is fine because they still have a chance, all they got to do is to study hard and work hard for it because in the future they will not regret it.  