In most cases' student are committed to a career at a young age by school or their parents to guide them early. This could be a benefit for them, since they are young and have the capacity to learn faster, also if they are in high school it would be good for them to be guided at a young age to help them on a career they would like to take, and when they go to college, they don't find the stuff they are going to see complicated, and they are somewhat prepare and have an idea of what they are going to learn if they choose to go to college. I think it is a good idea for students to commit to a career at a young age because it helps students prepare their mentality, knowledge, and give them an idea of what they are going to see, and focus on the career they want to choose. Most of the time students do not want to commit to a career at a young age because they are either so stressed out from school, and they feel like they cannot decide what career they want to take or because they feel like it is not really going to help them much on what they choose. Some students don't know or can't decide what career they want to take, and that is not okay because they most know by the time they are at least in 11th grade, so school can give them the appropriate classes to prepare them for that career, and those classes to help them when they go to college. In fact, not going prepare to college it can be complicated to students and probably stressful since they have no idea whatsoever of what they are going to see or learn. For example, when you know what career you want to take since the beginning of high school, and you are focus on that career, and you take the classes that will help you be prepared for that career, when you go to college you have an idea, and you are not going to be as stress as other students who didn't want to take advantage of that. I would personally take the chance, so I can be prepared for college, I think if I take classes that will help me be prepared it would obviously be good for me. I already know what career I want to take and the classes that are recommended for that specific career, and it is actually good because I can learn more about that career, I know that I am capable for the career I want and that it will not be hard for me since I always liked what I want to do which is about computers, and technology related. My parents also recommend me to commit to my career at young age, so I can learn and practice my skills. Some students don't have the support of their parents like I do, and they just decide to finish high school and be done which is not perfect if they want to get a job that will give them a lot of money, and most of the jobs requires you to have a degree of some sort or specific for that job. There are jobs that don't ask for anything just the high school diploma, but those jobs don't really pay that much, and they are kind of heavy, not all of them but most of them. Some jobs like construction, and plumber don't require that you need to have a college degree just the high school diploma, and this jobs also pay perfect, but they are really tiring and heavy, mostly construction that you have to be outside in that hot temperature or cold. If you compare this jobs with like a being a doctor, dentists, or technician; this jobs requires you to have a college degree, and you have to go to college for either 2,3,4 or 5 years, so you can get the degree of these careers, and they pay you a lot, and it is not heavy, and you don't expose yourself to hot or cold temperatures, and that is a benefit for you if you want to have a really sot for calm job. Basically if you know what career you want to take, and you prepare yourself like taking all your classes, and what you need, you should be good for the most part. Not all the time going to college to get a degree, so you can get a job is the only way to get money or make a living out of it. For example, you can be a singer, and if your music is loved by most of the people you can success and make money out of it by selling albums or promoting your songs to different platform in internet. Playing sports like soccer, basketball, tennis, or baseball can give you a chance to make money, for example, you can have a career out of that, but you most good for big teams to pick you up and pay you which payment is a lot if you make it to the big teams. This doesn't always work for everyone only for the talented ones that were meant to be good at each of the careers. For example, I like to play soccer, but I am not good enough to make a career out of it, so I decided to finish my studies, follow my career, and get the job that I would like. Some students finish high school, and then they decide to do this type of careers which sometimes work for few of them, they reached their goals, and sometimes they don't even finish high school, but if they can't accomplish this, then they have all they need which is their diploma, or they can continue with their studies to get the job they would like to have. In conclusion, is a good thing that students commit to a career early, so they can be prepared for the future this will also help them develop their capacity when they go to college where things will get a little hard for them. Most of the students do this and they success in their careers, I would to the same because I know high school will help me get prepare for college, and I don't have to feel the pressure of not knowing anything all, I already have a bit of understanding and knowledge.