A lot of people accomplish more if they are always doing something and others ask if inactivity also serve as a purpose. There is a lot of people doing a lot of activities every day and some others doing nothing than just watch TV. Each human person in the world have a purpose, goal to get in a future and is something that we really want to have in our life. Unluckily purposes don't come by itself as a miracle. Every person has a different purpose, some purposes are complicated to reach, and there's also some less complicated but doesn't make any difference because every person decides and picks what are their purposes and whether if they give up or they do anything to reach them. Thomas Jefferson wrote "Determine never to be idle. It is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing". Some person's give up easily, they think is impossible, hard, complicated, but basically what they are doing is waste their capacity to make something and improve themselves, just because someone doesn't trust in our capacity means we have to stop doing what we like and quit. It won't be perfect at the first try, it may not be the same thing that we were expecting, but the effort you put is what it counts. Quit is the easy way to give up, and that is they way to demonstrate weakness the people that didn't trust in us would laugh and spread the rumors of our fail. We won't feel good after that, and we'll feel embarrass of ourselves, we wouldn't be capable of going out with our mind thinking in what other people are thinking. If we fall down we need to stand up again, dropping some tears and being in bed all day won't help, think in what other people might think about us won't do anything than just make us feel even weaker. What we can really do is confront the reality, understand our mistakes try to solve them, try to get better by the time. No one is perfect we might see people getting their purposes easily, and we can't understand how, what we don't know is the reality of how the live by the way we don't need to be comparing our lives with others life. A girl from school had extra weight, and she didn't play any sports, she was lazy to walk and all her friends were skinny, and she felt bad about herself and very ashamed of her body she tried to lose weight, but slowly she was quitting, she was crying a lot and feeling weird and unwanted by everyone, some students started to judge her and no one wanted to be her friend, and they were bullying her. A lot of girls bother her, and others saw her crying and hurt, and they didn't stop them. Among the time the girl started to eat healthier and started to walk everyday she was adding one more lap, then she started to jug and after run. Her bones and body develop she got skinnier, and after she got back to school everyone got impressed. Now she was more confident, and it wasn't easy, it took time, tears, sacrifices, but she did it. This is an experience that taught me to see different the things, to see how we can do it, if we want, if we put a lot of effort, and we are patient to see the changes. After everything, we'll feel great and proud of what we've done. It is hard to try without being scared, without doubt. Believe in our capacities is something that we stopped doing, and say I can't become more common, and we hear that every day. We don't do things we want to do because of our insecurities and our laziness when there is a lot of people dying to have an opportunity. Always is better to try than just watch. Everyone has their daily things to do, some people work, others study, others do both or more things, and they don't have time for them. It is necessary to take our time to make this things possible, it is necessary to have clearly our mind and see what are we capable to do and how far we can go. We can't limit ourselves with good stuff we need to spend time and learn new things, experience, teach other people and share our experiences and recommend and help others to never quit. Show others trust and appreciation for everything they get, be happy for them and give them more motivation. Generic_Name an English teacher said "People just see the defect in other person's life without seeing in their person's first". This is so truth, we don't see in ourselves first, we spend more time originating and wishing bad luck to those making their purposes, feeling jealous of them because they could do it, and we couldn't because we didn't want to put effort and time, so we'd rather give up and do nothing than just complain about it and make excuses. That is not a reason, choosing a goal or purpose is something we need to take it seriously because if you take it like a game then we are wasting your time, and the time of this person's helping us and going through all our steps, in our mentality has to be all positive. Being more strong than our bad thoughts feel proud of us, because we are doing something that others can't do. We are trying we aren't being like the rest and that make us unique and specials, show to whoever said we couldn't do it or make it how wrong they were, and they judge us before knowing our capacities. Demonstrate the people that was supporting us what we did to make them proud, and we know how good we are going to feel that day. We don't need to take care of what others say, they might give us advises, but we are the only ones deciding our actions. What the quote means is how we make bad decisions a sometimes we just do what others do, or we just quit to something we were trying to do, and it was hard, so we drop off that, and now we don't do anything else than watch others happy for getting their purpose. At the beginning of every subject we want to experience by doing it, is hard, we got anxiety, nervous, sad,happy. It is so many emotions going on, and we can't describe the feeling after we went through all that, and we finally did it, we got our purpose we make it and the feeling of victory is inexplicable, we need more positivism in us.