Should my school follow the route of a conserve energy and resource business to extend the school day to two hours for a four-day week? This idea has an advantage and on the other hand a disadvantage because student will be stress out, some will not get enough time to rest before going to work, and they won't get time to learn. First, students will be stress out. There are different kinds of people in a school, some may be fine when it comes to sitting for a longtime, others may have problems. Sitting down for more than three hours can cause waist and back pain. Some students may be sleeping while the teacher is teaching. Example;if a teacher is teaching and the students are sleeping, the student will end up not hearing what the teacher said about the topic. When this happens, the student will end up failing the class which is not supposed to happen. Again, most of the student will not get enough time to rest after school before going to work. There are a lot of students in high school who work and cater for their living. Majority work after school, therefore,they have enough time to rest before going to work. If the school hours are extended by two hours, they will not have enough time to rest and will be sleeping later in the day in class. Example;some people do not close early when they go to work,this student get a little time to rest before going to work. This idea is important because, it will help teachers to complete their syllabus in time and also rest on the fifth day, and get time to be with their kids. Some subjects involve a lot and needs much time to complete. Teachers always rush when they are teaching just to catch up the syllabus and students will not understand the concept they are teaching but when two hours is added to the time, the teacher will take her time to explain for the students to understand the concept very well. I will conclude by saying, adding two hours for a four-day week school has a lot of disadvantages, therefore,my school should not follow the route of a conserve energy and resource business or else it will affect the academics of the students, and also weak the body since they don't have enough sleep.  