What is success without failure? I can infer that the mentioned statement Prime Minister Winston had provided has a strong point of view from many perspectives. Human behavior mostly influences in their achievements and failures throughout life. To be able to achieved your expected goals without loosing enthusiasm, and demonstrating resilience is the greatest accomplishment. I strongly agree with the Churchill's statement regardless to the critical role failure plays in life. It gives the enthusiasm all individuals need in order to be successful in life, it motivates young minds to follow their expectations, and provides more knowledge in many cases since we learn from our mistakes.Accordingly, to many researches, individuals tend to give up when they are facing an obstacle in a complicated occasion, that prevented most society to stop achieving their accomplishments due to the constant fear of experiencing failure. Society has been exacerbating this concept by creating irrational fear in those who are not willing to take risks to become better persons once they seemed to have failed, which leads to the mediocrity of the world. Furthermore, there are many people who were born in an extremely poor region, yet they became successful persons due to the hard work they constantly showed and the multiple failures they have experienced, that helped them work harder on specific goals, and that have made an enormous impact in many young minds since it exposes how someone could be able to achieved anything they are expecting, if you keep trying. If individuals were to give up in the first try, we would be a world with ignorant in it. Moreover, It is psychological proven that a brain can effectively work in better conditions, if they seem to be in a place where failure could be the main issue. We, as humans tend to follow other's behavior to feel accepted by society. If we keep encouraging people to practice resilience, they would most likely be able to manage every hard situation in life and would have the courage to keep trying even if they are aware they might fail, in other words, they would be practicing negative reinforcement that is based on failing but being aware they could have rewards at the end. Overall, Failure plays an essential role in the pursuit of success since it gives individuals the challenge of becoming better human being and achieving their goals regardless to the situation. It exposes how human behavior react with the idea that success is not only one extraordinary idea. Success means being able to manage the situation with resilience and perseverance even if they seem to have made multiple mistakes. It influences in many adolescences, gives the hope of being able to achieved their expected accomplishments, and it provides higher knowledge from their mistakes. A successful person is the one who have seemed to dedicated their time to be able to greatly achieved their dreams. 