Taking more than one person opinion is a good way to make your final call for example, the was one time when I wanted two different books, but I only had being for one. I had to make a good dragon because if I did not then it would have been a was of $15. One of the book was called Neil Armstrong it talked about the life of Neil Armstrong and the other was called Dog Man it talked about a dog that somehow got transformed in to a human officer Linda like canton America except he's not a super solder. My conclusion is people should take more than one opinion. I decided to take my friends Generic_Name opinion he told me to" take Dog man it is so cool" but i feet like there was something about the Neil Armstrong book. Its always fun learning about other peoples stories and what they did to get to where they are. I did not stop there I wanted another opinion, so then I want and asked the learn opinion she told me" the Neil Armstrong book sounds better to me but your choose to pick out the book that stands out the most to you" so then I took her device and the book that study out the most to me was Neil Armstrong. And let me tell you I had a lot of fun reading that book. I Evan told my friends about it and they were like "can I chick it out" if i used no I would sound disrespectful, so I said sure ill bring it tomorrow in lunch. Taking more than one opinion might be time-consuming but trust me it will help you make a 90% better choose then if you would just run in blind and start making bad chooses. That is what all the successful people do including the present, beanies men, layers became if they make the wrong call they could possibly face some vary big concaveness and if you want to be successful you will have to be very careful and take as many opinions as possible. Taking peoples options could be risky at times, but a good tip is to take that risk. What I'm trying to say is taking a risk is not always bat every thing happens for a reason at lest that is what my parents said. Taking big risks is a part of our lives every human being took a risk at lest ones in their sometimes lives you would note van know that you took that risk but in realty you did for example I'm take a risk typing this overly the Constance are not that big, but they still mater in life. My opinion is to watch out, be careful, and take the risk like I said risks don't away taken out bad. If you do lesson to every thing I said in this your opinions to others would change a lot and what I mean by that is you will look at many things in a different perspective, your dragon making would change lats say you take six peoples opinions three of them said there avert color was blue, and the other three said green now this is when a risk comes in now you are going to choose a color lats say you chose blue now the numbers have changed 4 blue and 3 green so blue won. this thing is are in you every day life, so you have to fearful, take risks, and take other opinions.  