LIFE DECISIONS In every part of our life, we need someone to share something with them. Maybe they are our family or friends. In these days, people are more self-reliance. They think, we don't need anyone to guidance us. But I think in every moment of life, we need someone, who had a lot of experts to guidance us. Father and mother are the best persons, to share our everything in our life. They have a lot of experience and important matters in life. They can feel us In every situation. We always should ask from our mother or father, about our life decisions. We should have someone to hear us and support us. Our parent experience can be a lesson for us. Experiences make our life. We should learn something from the experiences. Life is full of thing, actually new thing. Every day, we meet a new thing in our life. That we don't know what is it? And where is it come from? Our parent is older than us, they know everything. They were in our age, and now they're older than I. that's means, they understand better about us and about our situation. My mom she always feels me. If I am sad even if I didn't tell her she knows that I am sad. Because she's older than I. She was in my age before me. We are like a person that don't know about anything, because everything is new for us. Because we don't have any experiences of the thing. My uncle, he was 17 years old. He wanted to open small fast food in our country. He always just listens to himself. He didn't share anything with anyone until he did the work, then he comes and tell us that what I did. Everyone was sad about him because he was younger, and he doesn't know about anything. His mother and father told him to finish school first then open a fast food, but he didn't listen to them. He leaved the school and started his work. In the first he was so happy, but after a few months he become sad. When he saw his all friends going to school, and he works he felt sad. He was so regretful, because of what he did. He didn't listen to his parent and he just did what he wants.Then he came to his parent and said sorry, because of not sharing his idea with his parents. My grandfather said to him" I was in your age, I did the same mistake that you did, but in different way. I told you to school is the first important thing in our life, you can't leave an important thing in life"." I had the experience that why I was trying to tell you that. "My son always share whatever you have in your mind with the person that you can trust and believe, and listen to them, they will always guide you".Finally, he understood, what he did was wrong, but he is also like to work too. That time he came to his father and share that he wants to study and work. His father was so happy that his son come and asked him for showing the good way. His father guide him and show him that what should he do. He went to school and also continued his work too. Right now he's a businessman, he always says" to us to share anything with your family or friends". He said that to us" the way that I am success and a good businessman was my dad experience, my dad guidance". I learn from my uncle that if your mom and dad teach you how to speak and how to eat and.... they also can teach us how to life good. I always ask from my mom and share my day happens to her. She hears me and feel me. Sometime before I say anything she knows, I'm thinking about what and what I want to tell her. Having the experience are good, you know better how to solve a problem and guide someone who trust you. If I have a plan for future I will share it with my mom, she supports me and guide me. Experience of the life are the best lessons to us, everyone should guidance from experts of their parent or friends.