Some schools of the United States are looking forward to the day that students will attend classes from home by way of online. Despite this excitement it can be not beneficial for some students in the way of learning. Making students to attend classes online happens will change many students lives. Although some say that offering online classes by the school would be more beneficial, actually it won't be beneficial for students who want to attend online classes offered by the school because it will require more work for students and students will have less interaction with people face to face. Those who believe schools should offer online classes have reasons. They believe that students will have flexible schedules during the day. It will help students to relieves trees and to work if they have a part-time job. They also think that students will become more responsible attending classes from home. Doing their work in their own will develop a self- decline. One of the main reasons why schools of the United States shouldn't offer students to attend classes online from there is because it requires more work from the students. For example, my friend Generic_Name. He is attending one class online from his home. He says that he doesn't have too much time to practice a hobby or do something else because he needs to do a lot of assignments for his online class. Sometimes he has to do two homework each day just for one class. Also, his class online requires to write a lot, such as essays or read books. Essays and reading books counts as a big percent of his grade. And it doesn't include the warm-ups and classwork during the class. Requiring this amount of work schools shouldn't offered these classes online because too much work is assigned just for one class. If students want to take other classes they won't have time to do it. Like my friend Generic_Name his life has become very busy since he stated taking this online class offered by his school. In fact, students become very word because they have less interaction with people face to face. For instance, my cousin Generic_Name she used to be a girl that really liked to interact with people. One day her school offered her some online classes to take. She said yes. Well in a short period of time her parents starting to notice that she was becoming a very shy and word person when time was passing and continuing taking class online. Later, her parents found out that her online class made her become a word child because of the less interaction she had with people. Schools should provide students a different method to help students to attend their classes because online classes keep students from the real world and their interaction with people. Avoiding classes online will reduce the percent of students to become word and shy and to have a better relationship with people. In conclusion, many schools of the United States should stop offering students online classes because it requires a lot of work for the students. These classes just make student's life busier than what they expected. Also, students are afraid to interact with other people face to face because they spend most time in their computers. The real world need students who like to interact with people not shy students. Students don't see benefits of attending online classes, instead it just makes their life difficult in many ways.