In my opinion, I know why Thomas Jefferson decide to write this for his people. He wants to see if we are responsible with our own work and left to lose the time just little things, he just wants that his people can make their dreams. When he wrote this people was scare because their people was slave before Abraham Lincoln become president of the United States. This show three reason why he wrote this. First, Thomas Jefferson spend his time with us because he wants to see how his people really following his wrote. Many people don't think about what they can do in their life, if we still spend time with other people we don't accomplish our own dreams, sometimes people are shy, and scare with their dreams because other people can bother them because they can accomplish their dreams or maybe they don't believe in them. Some people can't accomplish their dreams because they think that is lot stuff, but the reason is that they never try, if they can accomplish their dreams. Second, if we look and read carefully we can find more about this wrote. We really can't think about because we don't have commitment to make our own dreams better. Some people are in school, but they don't see the opportunity that we have for make a lot of stuff in the future. We just go at school because our mothers dispatch us at the school. If we used about Thomas Jefferson wrote we can learn how we have work hard for making our life much better. We just have to think just in the future and study more for having a good grade and accomplish the dreams we wish. Third, in this time we have much time in our own life for doing a lot of stuff because we are freedom. But we just think to go out with friend and have fun, nobody cares their dreams in this time. They spend their time in party and doing lots stuff with our friends. If we're still doing the same things with our friends we never get something better in our own life. We need to have more commitment about what we really want in our future. In conclusion, we can be better than other people because we are young, and we can do more stuff. We can teach them that we can do all this stuff, if we can think better. We have a good concentration in all what we do. Don't matter what we can accomplish our own dreams because we are not alone we have our families for support us with really we want to do in the future. Thomas Jefferson give force for continuing with our dreams and never give up with our own dreams.