The effects of allowing students to have and use cellphones in the classroom is not listening to what the teacher has to say, not using it property for your educational purposes, and disturbing the class from learning. The students with not pay attention to what the teacher, because they are so busy in their cellphones. Some students decide not to use it for educational purposes and uses it for other purposes. Using cellphones in class will also disturb others from learning, because they are so in to their cellphone. These are the reasons how using cellphones in class can effect them from learning. First, you will not be able to learn if you are using your cellphone in the class. Using your cellphone in class may get you off task and u would not know what u learn today in class. Some days u would be mad and take it out on other, because of what you heard on your cellphone. Overtime your cellphone vibrate you always going to want to see what it is and that will have your attention. You will not be able to focus like you use to with our education and be on your cellphone at the same time. Second, using your cellphone for other purposes can not help you learn what you need to learn. If you do not use your cellphone for educational purposes you would not know noting from school to know about. You can get in some problem for not using it for education. They should not have it out unless the teacher say you can for your assignment. This is why people should not use cellphones in school for these purposes. Thirdly, people will disturb other people from trying to learn with their devices that can cause a disruption. The cellphones will ring and stop everyone from learning, because they will pay attention on whose phone is ringing. You will not be able to know how to do the work if you do not know what to do. You are disturbing your classmates that are trying to learn the material they need so they can do something with their lives. You should not disturb your classmates from being successful in life. As you can see, the effect of having a cellphone in class while you are trying to learn to be successful. You should not be ignoring what your teacher has to you and your classmates. The use of the cellular device can only be use for education and not other purposes. Last but not least, do not make your classmates fell just because you do not want to successful does not mean your classmates do. These are the reasons why using a cellphone in class should not be allowed in the classroom.  