Which be the characteristic that show a person positive always time? A person with a positive attitude be kindness with other people show that in life have that be change. In totality is agreed with that should have a positive attitude in the life. For example being positive can help you to appeal better people in your life, make that life be comfortable with yourself, and positivism maintain good mental health. In addition, being positive can help you to appeal better people in your life. For example that people that are around you will see your positive personality at the point that you can become the people mood to a positivism. And have a character strong that show a person different that make that the people see a thought positive. Everybody can be a person with a good attitude in your life for that life be easy. Make that life be comfortable with yourself. For example a person with a character positive have more opportunities in your life because help that not have preoccupation, In your life and can explore thing that never see also a person that feel a positive altitude not have problem with other people because have calm when other people can be heat thing for your self. While some people believe that should have a positive attitude in the life.others argue that should don't have a positive attitude in the life because being positive can help you to appeal better people in your life. Although this be valid there are several important ideas to be considered such as positivism maintain good mental health. For example, Held take the best decision en your life because this help to have clarity thought, that maintain out of every conflict with the other person. Also the people will tire to not became mad for simple thing that happening conclusion believe that help that be comfortable in life. Is a form that maintain in your head that make for help to have a mental strong, and that other people can see your positive personality in your life have chosen a reason that will be change and mark the different for world.  