How you can have a good relationship with your dog? You need to have a good relationship with your dog because, when you get a new dog and your dog need to take him/her out, and you do not know that you sophist to do that the dog will do not like you at all, like here's I am going to give you some example for what you should do for your dog to not hate you, the dog need to feed him/her a food every day, cold water in the summer to not be hot, normal water in the winter need him/her to go out to walk or poop outside, the dog need to have you be with them all the time, he/she needs to feel that you like them, give them food, water, play with them every day, take them outside when you hang out with you family, friends, etc...... The dog only thinking about you and the food and how he/she can save you from anything dangerous like, when someone come and still something from your house and you're sleeping, the dog will pit him/her in them legs, and the dog try to wake you up with his/her "ROR" the dog make, sometimes the dog need to have a comfy space so he/she come and set behind your legs and sleep, but when your dog wake up he/she get bored so they're trying to wake you up by liking your face or your toes, a lot of people love dogs, so they buy it for a lot of money because some dogs are no really available in some places, so it's hard to find this dogs, and they still cost a lot of money, dogs can alive like 11 years to 15-20 maybe if your dog not that long with you, you not going to be sad at him/her if they but if they at least 2-3 yeas with you, you really going to miss them and if you died your dog will cry on you because I tried that before when my grandma died my dog was not even eating or drinking water or playing she was just setting and crying, and I was having two dogs they are brother and sister, so they are playing together every day but one day the brother was died I was really sad and crying, and she was not even eating or drinking like when my grandma die, she was really sad for a long time, and then I give it to my uncle house he was had a dog and a cat, she started to play with them and having fun so she is happy right now because she forgets her brother and found a dog and a cat to play with them. The dogs like to live in a big house and a big backyard to play in, and they need to live in an organized place. You need to a vet to check your dog every month at least, maybe they have emergence for something, or they need to take a shock for something in them body. The vet for your dog going to tell you what you support to feed him/her and what you not sophist to give him/her. And what time you should go to the doctor to see or check at your dog. Dogs like to live with a family not one person because they like to set with them and if they have a children they really like to play with a baby or children because the children have a lot of power to run, play, to anything and the dogs have a lot of power, energy to run, to play, etc..... The dog need to take a shower at least 2-3 times at week, when the dog get out from the bathroom and she/he wet you should put planet on them to not get cold and sick, and you need to brush them hair and dry it with a hot air to not get cold, the important thing that you need to clean his/her eyes every day in the morning because they will have something in them eyes because they're sleeping like humans when they wake up they wash them face because it's not clean and brush them death. The dogs do not like to get wet a lot so do not get him/her out when it's raining outside. But you are and put him/her in your car and go hoping with them. Sometimes people leave them dogs in the car because they not flawed to go in restaurant, so they leave them in the car, dogs feels that they only and they're waiting for you to come back awful.  