Imagine an aboard student come from different country that is far away from United States, so she needs a long summer break to return to her country for visit her family. Summer break is what educators and students are looking forward for. Whereas many people argue that the break should be year-round schools, and it should be a 3-4 week break in summer, a longer winter break, and a week off in the spring and fall. The summer break should be longer and less short break because students need more time for their vacation, and they will not have to worry the homework that they left at home. While many people believe that the summer break should be shortened, a longer winter break and a week off in the spring and fall because the educators feels that if the break too long and that students do not retain information as easily when they return in the fall, this is a week argument. For instance, a break in the middle of the school year easy to get students forget what they have learn. Furthermore, students will not want to go back to school after few days off. Students need break, but a short break is unnecessary. To begin with, students are waiting for a long summer break where they can spend all their time at the place that they wish to be at. For example, an exchange student from Vietnam came to United States with her parents for emigrates, but her siblings still live in Vietnam because they were married before sign up. Summer break is the only time that allows the student to go back to her country for visiting. Furthermore, some students are working full time in summer to have a provision for their consumption in the future such as buying a car, college, etc. The part-time work that students make during school year does help but not much for preparing or satisfy the claim inside teenager. In addition, people want to have a relax time on a long vacation, none of the students want to be thinking that they still have work waiting for them at home and the deadline is coming. For instance, teachers love give homework during the break for no reason. Going out with friends but still have to bring paper and pencil to do homework is very humor. Furthermore, some teacher put onerous on students, which they're giving out homework and big project for a test grade just because they don't want the student to forget the information that they have learn. Students didn't expect teachers to finish grading their work during the break, but teachers expect them to finish the big project, it is unfair for students. As a final point, the summer break should be longer because students need more time for their vacation, and they will not have to worry the homework that they left at home. For long summer break teacher don't give homework, and students feel free to plan out their vacation for entire summer. The long break is much better than a short and unnecessary break.  