Imagine going to school every day to learn and experience new things, when it comes to lunch, students are ready to eat and enjoy there favorite food with others, but the principal made an announcement about changing the lunch system by getting rid of junk foods to healthy foods. Students favorite food being replaced by healthy food will be a nightmare to them. No more pizza, burgers, spaghetti, etc., will be all gone and will cause a problem. Removing students favorite food to healthcare ones will be a bad idea. Students will dislike eating healthy food, and students will feel hunger and lose concentration in class. Firstly, Some students will dislike some healthy food that they don't enjoy. For example, Generic_Name goes to lunch and sees the only food available is a salad. He never ate salad before but sees a lot of vegetables including lettuce, tomatoes, onions, etc. He feels disgusted by the food he was served and rather starve. What I mean is that students being served to vegetables which they won't take a bite of, won't make them eat because they don't enjoy eating vegetables that was served to them and might get student to not eat but starve which will be bad to there body. Additionally, the students will be in bad shape during class time. They will feel hungry, sick, or possibly pass out. For example, Generic_Name came back to class from lunch, and he didn't eat anything because of the food that was served. While doing class work, Generic_Name doesn't feel well and his stomach starts to growl because he didn't eat anything. He will lose focus and will start begging for food. What I mean by that is students in class will feel hungry and there stomach will soon to growl and will lose focus on class instructions. The principal should not make these changes and keep the system of lunch the same because there body will be in good shape and will gain energy throughout the day. Some people will disagree my reasoning and opinion on changing the school food system to healthier ones is a bad idea. They will say it's a good idea because they will consume healthy foods that will make students grow stronger, will have a healthy diet, and be more energized within there life. That may be true, but that's not the case because student are comfortable on what they eat and what suits them will suit there future lifestyle. Thus, changing students favorite food to healthy ones in lunch is a bad idea.