It's been said that a positive attitude is key to success in life. I agree, I think its necessary to have a positive attitude in your everyday life, in your work place, in your "time of need." those are the most important times you will need to show your best. First, I think it's important to have a positive attitude in your everyday life because, of the stress that goes on. No one will understand how you feel other than you. If you stay in the mindset of" I cant do this," "this is too hard." You will never see yourself prosper and grow. How can you have the biggest expectations in life when you are so dull and negative. To advance you need to be aware that everything is going to be okay, be reminded of that. Secondly, your work place always has to stay positive. This is the place you go to work in, this is a place you try to distract yourself from the rest of the world. If you set your self to a person who feels as if they can't do anything then you will never reach that promotion you've been waiting for. If you set your self as the person who puts too much on themselves, you will never see growth. You can do the impossible it will just be up to you to change your circle. Although, there are many people who live in doubt and build this wall of negativity in there life. You cannot be that person. Think about the little things in life, you have a roof over your head, your family is safe, you are safe. You never go a day without eating. Those are the little things that matter. Lastly, in your" time of need" you should always be more optimistic. Whenever you are feeling down and feel like your world is falling apart be aware that your surroundings should never bring you negativity. There are so many other things you could and should be thinking about, the little this matter in this life. Feelings are always temporary, and you need to always make sure that the positive things impact you the most. Greater things are to come in everyone life. In conclusion, being positive in many ways will always change your mindset. Positive attitudes are key to a better future and for the best success in your life. 