I think that work in groups is more benefit. Because work is groups make the class successful. Also, the students can know each other, and they can meet new people. Therefore, work in groups is benefit for students and teacher. Here are some reason why think that work in groups is benefit. First, They can divide the work in same parts. While someone is working in searching information the other one can think in how to make the work more creative. Also, if they divide the work is more fair for the group, so they can have more opportunity to work successfully. Second, They have more opportunity to have a better work. If the class work in group they can do much better in the work that working alone because they can do the work more easily by working as a team. For example, If the class works in groups of 4 they can do a good work by dividing the work in same parts like one can be searching for information the other one can be looking for imagines. The other two can be checking that the writing is good and that the information is good. And the last one can make the presentation and make the work creative. Second, In groups can take less time to work on it that working alone. If a group meet in one place, and they start working they can easily finish the work on time. Also, they can search for information more faster than alone because they can divide the work, but they can also help each other. Second, In a group decide what to do it can be hard. But when the group decide what to do, and they finish the work fast. The group can check if the work is good or not and decide either to keep the information o to make some changes. So, the group can have more opportunity to have a better grade. Third, Work as a group can also be fun because you are working with your friends, or you can meet new people. First, work in group can be a good for class because they can know each other. If the class meet each other the class can be more successful. Because there will not fight or enmity, so the class can work more successfully. If a class is works more successfully that makes the topic easy and knowing each other makes the class more understanding. And, It will make the class more fun because everyone can help each other in thing that are hard for people. For example, if one student can't understand the topic he can ask for help to the teacher, and he can ask to people around hem for help. In conclusion, work as a group is funny and make the class better. Also, it makes the students to do better workers and meet people. Therefore, I think that work will be better in groups because the class can meet and know each other, and they can be better person and better students. These is some reasons why a think that work in groups is better.