I agree that having a positive attitude is the key to being successful in life. I believe is important to have a positive attitude because having a positive attitude can open doors to different phase in life. For example, when it comes to school, significant others and obstacles that life may throw at us. Is important to not lose our cool and have the type of attitude that everything is going to turn out great at the end of the day. Having a positive attitude when it comes to school can be a way to cope with all your assignments, teachers and schoolmates. Especially being a teenager people thing is not difficult to wake up every morning 6 or 7 AM and deal with people's attitude and also having to worry about the amount of work the teachers give out to students and then going home to do chorus is something that teenager is capable of doing, but adults don't take that time to think that they are teens back in the 60s where life isn't easy but when it comes to school rules have change. Now we must pass Sols to graduate but, a person who stays positive believes in their self makes it easy for their self to get through what's stop you from being happy. Everyone in life have to deal with different types of obstacles physically and mentally. For example when I came to America I thought my life was over learning a whole different language and also trying to adapt to whole new country a whole different environment would be hard for me. Instead of being hard head I stayed positive learn English really fast and started to start feeling more comfortable in America. I also was thinking of families back home and how I can't let them down, because they would love an opportunity like this to have a free education and being able to make it to the 12 grade. We all go through so much and the only way to get through is having a positive attitude that things well turn out better than yesterday. Others would say that you don't have to have a positive attitude in life to be successful because they probably don't have self-confidence, someone around to give them hope or have giving up on their self to many times. I believe that having a positive attitude is the key to being successful in life because you're viewing life on a whole other level all you see is good things coming your way and the nothing can get in between of your dreams and if you are to fall you going to pick yourself right back up and start again. In conclusion being able to wake up every morning, and thank God for another day and pray that things are going to turn out better than yesterday is an important skill to have in this world we call life. We all have them phase that we go through, and we feel like we can't keep moving forward but why stand in the same place with that same negative attitude is going to prevent you from wanting or doing more.  