I agree with Prime Winston Churchill; in the says there is a lot of true and motivation. Failure is the most important element in the pursuit of success. Being successful is not an easy thing for anyone; there is a journey that you have to get through with many obstacles that you may fail at the first time. Also, no matter how many times you fail, you shouldn't give up on you want to do. When you continue to fail, your learn a lot from these mistakes or problems. The better thing is never easy to secure; we always make mistakes, but never too late to start again. As Winston once said "success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm'' This statement is most certainly true if we are welling go put in the effort to past though feature and attain real success. If you really want something you're going struggle for that and effort the most you can. Everyone who is successful has been through things that has caused them to fail in something the admired dearly, but remember you should never lose hope; mistakes allow you to view your challenge from a different perspective. Failure is only an opportunity to begin again, only this time with a better plan and more understanding. Failure is an unavoidable obstacle, so you must be ready to affront and learn about it. Look examples about people who don't lose hope and keep trying until they did it, and see that these people are representation of success. See the mountain they've claimed and look to it for inspiration and all they sacrifice. In conclusion, we come to learn more from our failures and difficulties than from our successes. Failure can bring us to better ourselves and begin our plans once more, this time more wisely. If everyone was to successes in their first try, we would not feel accomplished in the presence of success. The most important message to take from these quote is that after you have acknowledged both why failed and how it made you feel, you must attack the obstacle again with enthusiasm. Success it is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all love of what you are doing or learning to do.