My grandmother used to say "Your goals are not going to be done if you don't even move a finger". I am totally agreed with what Thomas Jefferson wrote about how wonderful is how much we might have done if we are always doing something. We can make plans for every goal in life, but it doesn't matter if we just have a plan because we have to work in that plan to get that goal done, we accomplish a lot of things more when we are doing something, when we have that determination to get things done to feel proud of ourselves.First we have to feel, we need purpose and strength to accomplish every goal in our life to feel proud in a future. For example, when I was little, my biggest dream was to be with my parents one more time as a family, we were separated at that time; I was in my home country, El Salvador and they here in the United States. I had that dream, but yes, it was just a dream. Why? Because I was afraid of the journey to be with them again, they used to tell me "If you don't do anything you will never know how different your life could be here with us, so throw that fear away and let's do something". Then in my head I said "if I don't get that courage to make the journey I will never go to see my parents again" because I knew that they can't go back to my country, at the end I made that decision and I made it, I am with my parents again and as a gift I learned a new language, now I know I'll be more helpful for this country because I am bilingual now. Furthermore, we can see in every aspect of life how persons that one day were a common citizen, now are really important in the society because they were always doing something, they were working on their goals. On the other hand we have as example my home country, El Salvador's new president, Nayib Bukele. He was just a citizen like others, but he was tired, tired of the political corruption that my country was going through, so here is what he did; he made his plan, he worked on his plan, he worked and made things for the country. Then he became a mayor because people chooses him as their mayor because of all his honest job, he started running for president in 2015, he had a hard time trying to find a political party that supports him with his new ideas and purposes for the country, but the parties rejected him because they said he was too young, also they knew he was honest and that he will not admit any corrupt job that affect the country, and they were always looking for reasons to reject him, but he did not give up.Finally, he made his own political party, and he gets the support of all the people that get tired of live in niggardliness during the governance of other parties, he fought against the two most powerful parties in our country, as a result he won the elections in 2019, and he became the new president of the nation. Many people think that it doesn't matter if you have goals and make plans for your future if you don't have some resources as money or a good social status, they can also see life as a random game which means that if you accomplish something they will say that is just luck, however; what they call luck, other people call it, late nights of doing something for what you want for your life. In other words if you want your life to be successful, you don't have to spend your time just dreaming about what you want, because things may be done only if you are always doing something which means; work for what you want, stop thinking about your life goals and start working on them, determine yourself never to be an idler.