First, I agree with Minister Winston Churchill once he said success consists of going from failure to failure because when you failure something you have to see the important role the failure plays in the pursuit success. In addition, you have to think about your ideas. For example, when I know the position of supervised is available at my work and trading to work harder and harder to get this position, but after three years of working hard they gave this position to someone else at this time I feel failure and I keep asking my self why they did not give me the position. Moreover, after two months the manager taking to me about why I am not working hard same like before, and you're telling him about the supervised position, and you did not ask me for it, you just give it to someone else. Soc end, the city manager called me to ask me if I am still interesting about the position or not I said yes I am interesting for it. Then he meet me at the work and said to me to get the position you have to do a lot of things before I gave you the position I said a lot of things like what, I am always doing every thing at work. Third, he said I have to work all the positions in the restaurant the positions are the following:Food runner, Host, Selver, andKetchen. And after all of that you will get a training of two other restaurants. In addition to that, I have to disid if I still need the supervised position or not, if I said yes I still need it that's mean I have to do all the this what the manager said it to me to gt the position. Forth, I accept my manager over, and I worked all the positions in the restaurant accept the bartender. Fivth, the supervised position is good I will get good money and inference on the location of the restaurant our location in Washington Dallas International Airport. That's mean the restaurant always busy special Saturday and Sunday. Moreover, I am working with the company since the open the restaurant I am the seniorest person in the restaurant because the company changed the management three times until now. Then, when my manager saw me working extrimly hard and when the city manager took me again I am final get the supervised positions of all, when you're going to failure without loss of enthusiasm it is very great to have your enthusiasm, and you have to believe in it, because this is the only way to success in your life.