Do you think imagination is more important than knowledge? Well have you ever wonder how the first computer was made or how the first lightbulb was made? It all started with an imagination, if the person who made a lightbulb never had an imagination of building a lightbulb we will be using candles for a source of light. How an about google, Snapchat or even, books it all started with an imagination. That's why I think imagination is more important than knowledge. We all know knowledge is very important but without imagination we can't think or read because imagination is the key to knowledge. Without imagination, we can't think and when we can't think we can't learn or solve every day problems. Knowledge did not just exist like that it been made how? By imagination that's why learn and do things. You can be the smartest person in the world but if you don't have an imagination you can't help to solve world problems like how to poverty. Imagination is very important because without it our lives will be more difficult for example without cars we won't be able to go to work or go places and without phones it will be harder to communicate. The reason we have cars books and computers is not because knowledge but because of imagination. That's why Imagination is the key to knowledge. Imagination is very important, why you may ask, well without imagination we can't think of new ways to solve problems or read. Let's say imagination was never a thing we won't know how to read or count to 10 because imagination is the key to knowledge Without imagination we will be having a lot of problems like how to communicate, read, think, or even count to 10 that's why imagination is important.Without imagination we as people can't make new things like books, art, or even better things that's why imagination is very important in many ways. Imagination is the key to making new things like cars, phones, computers, books, without imagination we won't have things like cars, or phones. It takes a lot of thinking to make new and helpful things. If imagination was never a thing their never have been numbers, books, or even a language. Imagination is how we have things like google, computers, cars, books, and without imagination we can't think of new ways it makes the world a better place. Imagination is why we as people are advancing and getting smarter every day. Anything is possible if you can believe and think. That's why imagination is varied important is many ways.