We choose our own character traits. One character trait is kindness, someone who is very kind and friendly to everyone. My second character trait is rudeness, this is someone is usually not nice to others. My third and final character trait is helpfulness, someone who is always looking to help others. I chose all of these character traits, as I felt these are all traits that people choose themselves. The act of kindness is someone who is very kind and friendly, its one of many character traits. A lot of people choose to have this as their character traits, and most have it for a good reason. It should be said that people are not born kind, they choose their own traits that fits them best. Some choose to be kind after seeing how some people can act so different towards other people, or their parents just simply raised them to be kind. This character trait is a very common character trait, and I hope more people is it in the future. Rudeness is a somewhat uncommon character trait used by a few people. Not everyone is going to be a good person, some are rude all the time for no apparent reason. A lot of people are rude because they are most likely going through something, or that's just the trait they had growing up. I know a lot of rude people, teachers and students, most are rude just because that's the trait they decided to choose. My final thoughts on rudeness are that not everyone is rude, but there's always going to be that small amount of rude people in the world. The helpfulness trait is of my most favorite traits. Helpfulness is when someone who is always looking to help someone in need, and also make sure they get the help they deserve. I am a helpful person myself, I try to help people with their problems if I can. A person who is helpful is like that as they have always been like that, and just want to help anyone in need. The world is a much better place with helpful people, I hope they don't go anywhere. My counter-claim is that our character is actually formed by influences beyond our control, and that we learn from these influences what our trait really is. I say this is false, we are supposed to choose our character traits, and they are what makes us who we are. We choose our own character traits. One example of a character trait is the act of kindness, a person who is friendly to all the people that comes their way. A second example of a character trait is rudeness, these types of people are generally rude to everyone that comes their way. A third example of a character trait is helpfulness, a person who wants to help others in any way. I have chosen these character traits as they are the most commonly used character traits.