How should people take decisions?? that's the real question should a person follow a feeling or motion call instincts or should they make a decision by guidance by experts and the laws and authorities. Well a person should use advise really. For example lets say a businessman has to make a decision about if he should invest money or not on a product that's been selling good for the last few months but in the pass they weren't selling as much. So the businessman has to go and get guidance with some experts because he doesn't want to make the wrong decision and make the company waste money they won't get back.That's why having advisers are so helpful because there suppose to help people get out of any concerns a person has. They can guide and advice you to do things right. For example when a person is in high school that person has a guidance. That person is always going to be trying to help, there going to help decide which classes are best for a student, and there gonna look in to the student and check why a student isn't doing good and after that there going to try to help him, so he can accomplish he's goals and graduate. Every time we take a decision over something serious we need to think about it more than once because if it is a decision like buying a house its life changing either it can go perfect, or it can hurt you badly that's why it's better to think about it and talk with an expert because It's needed to know if that person is ready and its stable enough. For example if a person wants to buy a house there's a lot of responsibilities that come with that decision and he or she has to be ready that means there's no more playing around and settle down and he or she needs to think about it if that's what they really want. Take decisions it always has a grade of difficulty that's sometimes not even with the best advisers can help to make a decision being one hundred percent sure that that's the right answer. Sometimes you just have to trust your instincts because a person has knowledge about the answer to the question but he or she thinks about the answer too much that they get themselves confused and thanks to that they make poor choices when really you should just trust the person is right. For example when a teacher tells a student on a test trust your instincts and don't think about the answer too much is because they know that he knows the answer. In conclusion it's always better to have a person giving you advice about a question or problem, it's easier to make good decisions when a person has help than when a person is alone confused and stress about a decision. But at the same time is good to trust your self and follow your instincts and not having to depend on or need someone's help.  