Do you think a three-month break is too long ? Some professors feel that summer break is too long and students are most likely to forget everything they have learned when they return to school. However, both professors and students deserve a nice, long break because ten months of high school can cause tons of stress, people get to spend more time with their families, and last but not least, students can take classes during the summer if they want to graduate early. First, most students want to attend to good colleges, therefore, they take advanced classes in high school in order to receive more credits. Teachers give more assignments in advanced classes and the work is much harder than course classes. Students often have to stay up late to finish school work. In addition, with little amount of sleep can cause students serious stress. For instance, my cousin once took six college classes in her junior year of high school. She never had much time to eat nor sleep, to the point where she passed out. My family had to take her to the doctors for a checkup. They said that she had stress issue, and it may take a long time for her to recover. Luckily, with three months of summer break, she became better. Second, some students don't want to spend four years in high school when they have an opportunity to graduate early. In order to do so, they must take all the requirement courses. Though, not all courses are available during the school year, however, students can take it in the summer. For example, my best friend, Generic_Name, took English 11 over the last summer, so she could graduate early from high school and soon become a nurse. She learned everything she needed for the tests within two months of summer school, Third, many people love to spend time with their families. Summer break would be an awesome opportunity for both teachers and students to go on vacations with their loved ones. They can travel to different states or even countries if they like. In the summer of 2015, my family and I had a great time in Generic_City. I got to experience many amazing things, it was the best summer I have ever had. Though, the most wonderful time of the year is summer, however, some argue that there should be year round schools and only three to four weeks of break in the summer. In conclusion, all students and teachers, including staff members deserve a nice, long summer break. Most people agree that school is very stressful, therefore, a three-month break is not too long. Some says that when one is stress out, they can't think nor do things well. On the other hand, when their mind is relaxed they will achieve successful things in life. 