I think that there should be an after school homework club because It's hard-to-understand homework sometimes and you don't know what you are doing exactly but if we were to have these clubs think about how many students would get there work done. We might think that homework isn't important, but it is homework is worth 10 percent of your grade and sure that might not be a lot, but it could really help your grade. And it could really help you like when it comes to test you could know the material you need for this test if you did that one piece of homework that one piece of homework could have helped you past that test you probably failed or quiz. Also, some students don't understand the work the teachers give like when you don't understand that class work you were doing in that class how do the teachers expect that the student bring in there homework. I hard for students to learn middle school student have a lot to do for example students have to worry about getting homework done for all 7 of these classes it isn't easy. Most teachers might give more than one piece of homework some might give 2 some might give 3 pieces of homework. Students could also ask about what they don't understand they will help students in what they don't understand or what they didn't understand in that lesson that they had. The teacher will explain what you didn't understand, some students just don't have time so maybe that one day that can stay after school could help them get all that students homework done. Also help them understand not just give that student the answer to the question they would actually learn and that. This also will get students grades up and might take a B to and A. It will not only help the students but the school to because if this student are getting there homework done then that will make the school look better. Teacher will also know that students are getting there work done and not just getting the answer like some students do now when it comes to homework. Other students that are Cabell of doing this work on their own but have a hard time turning the homework in on time and if the school had an after school club this it homework wouldn't be a problem. In conclusion this club would be perfect to have because homework is a big issue in a lot of these schools and most students don't care or don't understand how much homework matters it matters so much you probably wonder. Why you didn't pass this test or why couldn't pass this quiz you took maybe if you did that homework you could have past the test, quiz also home plays a big role in school teachers give students homework, so we can get better at that subject it easier for students not to care about homework ''BECAUSE IT DOESN'T MATTER'' but it does and. No matter how many times you try to tell yourself it doesn't matter it does and that is not going to change so do your homework and if this after school club happened then homework will be one less thing to worry about. I think that if the school had this club it would really help students in school and help really understand the work and homework and help them be less stress because it is a lot of work for you to get done and especially if you don't get the work you need to do. Also, students would be happy that they got there homework done now they can do whatever they want after school because what was taking up most of there afternoon is now done.