Having electives classes can be a great opportunity to let students choose what they love to do and be less stressful. Schools, which do not have electives classes had become less popular. Students choose to study in schools that are less complicate for them. Although some say students should be required to take class in the arts actually, students classes should be electives because students can use the free time more helpful for their benefit, and they will have fewer worries. Those who believe students should be required to take class in the arts have their reasons. They believe students have to be more responsible and pass all their classes. They also think students can learn how to be good in arts. One reason, why class in arts should be electives is because students can use the free time more helpful for their benefit. For example, my friend Generic_Name he only had to take Algebra 2, English 12, U.S. Government, and Chemistry to graduate this year. However, he had to take one class in the arts that was required to graduate. But, Generic_Name did not have more space during that day, and the other day of school Generic_Name had to work to help his mother. If Generic_Name did not have to take the class in arts. He will be able to graduate this year. In addition, he will not waste his time in one class that maybe will not be interesting for him. Also, he will be able to help his mother about taking care of his litter bother. When she was working, so his mother did not have to work fewer hours. Another reason, why classes in school should be electives is because students will have fewer worries. For instance, my friend Generic_Name. One day she had to study for her Histories. As well as, she had to make a big and beautiful draw for her class in art. Generic_Name took almost all the night making the draw, so she did not have time to study, and she falls TESOL. If Generic_Name did not have to make the draw for her art class. She will study for the ESOL, and she will get enough sleep. Generic_Name will be able to think and pass her test. And she will have more time to study. Sometimes taking a lot of classes is not a good idea for students because it is too hard for them to concentrate. To conclude, I believe that class in arts should be electives because students will be more confident in doing what they love to do. Also respecting students opinions can be a great opportunity to demonstrate them that school cares about what they feel. For those reasons I think class in arts should not be required. One is that students will use the free time more helpful for their benefit. Another one is that students will have fewer worries. School have to see what their students need to make them capable and successful.  