Winston Churchill is a good person everybody knows that, a person that give good idea or a person that bring idea to life. Thing he says they are true, they can open your mind, and make you think. Yes : I agree with Winston Churchill. I know some people say that too, to be success at first; you're going failure to failure, in once you try not to failure guest what, you fail again. This can be happened, but Winston was right, to success you can fail all the time. When somebody wants to be success in he/she fail, that doesn't mean they cannot" try" again. But the thing is, they need to get up in keep trying on till then. If success brought people failure to failure, then what would that be in life, when you fail on try to be success, it not a bad thing cause sometime in life either you: win or you loos, but at least you can try one more time. Failure might be discouraged you, but you can Always keep going to accomplish your gold, or maybe you might" successful" after all.1)Success is a good thing for those who fail in the results, they successful. Winston's idea was right, so my position is that success consists of going from failure to failure without loosing enthusiasm are lesson you. With enthusiasm your success going greats and fast. That's it true enthusiasm try to find your success can make a big difference. An in endurance can bring you to successful too, in time you'd need it.2)If you pursuit or enthusiasm your can success anything that you think that hard can be easier's for you, cause you put your ; Enthusiasm, and convicted your issue. Failure without trying" does not" gave nothing excepted discourage, in that will be stupid of you if you failure in you give up in the same time.3) Failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm will give you something in return, in that is "fact" no dispute about it. Even those who loves you can make fun of you, it they see you keeping failure; or stay away from you on till you "win" or find what you wants. Anabel for you to be success you need enthusiasm, it going to give courage, and not to focusing on your failure, then you'll never success or accomplish your gold. For example : Generic_Name his a psychology teacher in Generic_School, Generic_Name never thought he will be a teacher cause his gold was to teach psychology, unfortunately he can't past his test so that he can graduate, but he thought about it, he put all his enthusiasm on it Generic_Name past the test in now he's a successful guy. There are tree reason that" success consist of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. ONE, if you have a failure in you didn't put your enthusiasm on you "success" you'll never be successful. TWO, take example about people who never thought they will success, such ass Generic_Name, Generic_Name, and Generic_Name Generic_Name.TREE, always get up when failed, always focuses on your success, and take that serious when you have a failure. As a Mather of fact, look at all the Hollywood stars', some of them didn't bear with success some of them were poor, having no skills, and some of them had no education. They work hard in hard to be success cause that was their gold to be" success" in they accomplish it even if they fail sometime. Winston Churchill was right about that, I'm 100% agree with his statement. If you have a failure in then you lost your enthusiasm you will never be" success". That's a true statement for success, INI really Agree with Churchill's statement about the important role failure plays in the pursuit of success. If you have a gold to be success in you though you are a failure, don't like that why cause with : enthusiasm, and consists you can accomplish anything, even thing that you image you'll never accomplish or be success.  