People make their own decisions in life but, people can make mistakes in life. A certain people don't have other people to help them with their decisions in life. People should seek guidance from experts because experts can assist people in situations, making sure that the person is doing it correctly, and give advice to a person that needs assists. First, experts can help people about relationships in life for example a breakup, fights, arguments, trust issues, and lack of communication. They are good amount of experts who can deal with peoples relationship problems for example my father helped me with a breakup. My father said to me that "she's not the only girl out there in the world". I listened to my father's advice it helped me a lot. Experts can actually help through with your taxes and bills if you're having trouble, for example my grandfather who was helping my dad with his taxes because my father forgot to pay the taxes. Secondly, experts can make sure if people are doing stuff correctly. Experts can assist people with their taxes to make sure if the person is doing their taxes correctly, for example my grandfather was making surer that if my father was doing his taxes correctly. Experts can make should that people are going to make sure that the person is doing the bills right, for example the mortgage for the house people need an expert to assist the person if they're doing the mortgage correctly. Not just the mortgage it can be bills in the house. Experts can make sure that the person is doing their car payments correctly in order to keep their car and not fall behind on their payments. Lastly, Experts can give people advice in life, for example experts can give advice for taxes, payments,etc. For example my father was giving me advice about how to buy a car because I'm getting a car over the summer. Experts can give people advice when the Person needs it to be successful in life. For example an expert giving advice to a person that is trying to get good credit to buy a house. Some experts give advice to people that are serious, for example people that are in a verge of crisis right now. In conclusion people can make their own decisions in life but, people make mistakes in life. People should seek guidance from experts because experts can assist people in situations, making sure that the person is doing it correctly, and give advice to the person that needs help.  