Having a 3-4 week break in the summer, a longer winter break, and a week off in the spring and fall does not sound like a good Idea to me. Since It snows a lot in the winter we would be missing more days of school If winter break was longer. The school year is 9 months, students should get a summer break that we usually get, which is 2 months. We shouldn't have a break in the fall if we just got back into school after the long summer break. We should not have a longer winter break. Since it snows a lot in the winter, we miss a lot of school days. Students would be missing lessons, quizzes, and even tests because of the snow days we get. Students need to catch up on everything and finish lessons before the school year ends. If we get a longer winter break we would be getting out of school later on which means less summer vacation. Since the school year is 9 months, students should get a summer break that we usually get. Students deserve the 2 months of summer break because of all the hard work and studying they did in the school year. In the summer students also get the chance to visit family members, spend more time with their family, and even get ready for the next school year. Since we just got back into school, It is not necessary to have a one-week break in the fall. We just had a 2-month summer break which gave the students the opportunity to be ready for the next school year and also gave them a chance to have a vacation. Since there is also a lot of holidays in the school year, a fall break would interfere with the day we get out of school. Which means we would probably have a little longer school year. If we did have a 3-4 week break in the summer, a longer winter break, and a week off in the spring and fall, the school year would be pretty short and the students wouldn't like the short breaks. Even though the educators would like it and thinks that it is helpful for students, it would make the students feel stressed out since the school year would probably be shorter. Having regular summer break, regular winter break, and regular spring break, would be a better idea then having a shorter summer break, long winter break, and a break for spring and fall.