What are the benefits of working with a group vs working alone. Working alone isn't bad because their no one to rely on. Then and working with a group is more beneficial. Reasons being said are more people more ideas, getting help from teammates, and will be less mistake because there more than one person to get help. For example playing in a team sport working with teammates is better than trying to do every thing alone, same thing with a big project. Just like the saying two heads are better than one. Defiantly when working on a project. Being alone there going to be mistaken because no one will correct you on the paper. Another benefits of working in a group is more ideas coming from different people and taking that you can learn from it. Not only that if a person is stuck on something the group with help out to solve it together, also it will save a lot of time trying to work by yourself. Being in a team that the PE teacher assign you, will be hard trying to play alone in a group or team. Working by your self is not helping the team or people skills. In the long run getting a job there will be times when needed to work with co-workers or bosses, doing group projects or playing for a team will benefit that. Because it's helping on people skill. That learning in experience knowing not everybody is the same. Working alone helps, but I feel in a group is more beneficial. There no motivation being alone it attends to be boring. Therefor more mistakes could happen, limit to some ideas and knowledge, and can't get help because every one is working alone. Doing work in a group helps students be waked, reasons for that is there someone to talk to also it will be less work and save good amount of time. Students attend to dose off or stress when it too much work on their hands. In conclusion, I prefer working in a group feel more beneficial than working alone. It will defiantly help in school if a student is doing a project or playing for a team. Also in the long run With jobs, family, neighbors, or starting a protest will help if being in a group.