The use of technology has spread all over the world. Everyone uses technology to talk to family/friends, text family/friends, pay bills online, shop online, etc. To me technology has both positive and negative effects. The positive effect is talking to people you can't see every day or can't see at all, you can use technology to talk to long distance. A negative effect is the lack of getting stuff done, going outside for fresh air, no person to person communication, etc. Instead of going outside to be with friends, family, etc. most people stay home and just be on their phone all day, watching TV, on the computer, any device people have at home they use. Shopping has changed dramatically. Instead of going to the mall to go shopping most people can just stay home and go online to shop. Paying for bills or going to your bank has changed dramatically. You can pay all your bills, funds, credits, online. Everyone used to get out of their house and go to where they need to go to pay there stuff off, but technology as made it easier for people to stay home a do stuff online. Half the people in the world think technology is not okay and should be gone. Young kids having technology is even worse because, kids don't play outside any more they stay inside and play video games, talk to their friends online, watch videos, etc. Teens are the same too. Almost every teen stays home and talk to friends, play video games like x box, PlayStation, etc. In schools teachers use websites to help students learn and understanding the subject. Technology has changed the world. Technology does allow people to complete many tasks without talking to people. The world would have been so different if there was no technology made at all. Everyone would be outside more with their friends/family, traveling is the best way to get your mind off stuff and to have fun, eating in restaurants with people you love is the best. Ways to plan stuff out like traveling or eating with friends/family is either using a phone or just talking about it in person. In conclusion, I think the limitation of human contact has a negative effect. Since technology has been made people have been getting lazy and lazy by the day. Theirs so many things we used to go outside for, we can just stay home and go online. Instead of playing with friends outside we stay home and play video games and if we're bored we stay home and just find something in our device to entertain us. It's hard for people to get there phone taken away from parents because what can we do without our phones? The world needs to see that something is wrong.