Many people agree, that the use of technology brings a positive impact by allowing people to complete many tasks like. Looking for information, buying a book, buying video games, and shopping. And looking for technology as a way to communicate which can limit the opportunities to use verbal communication. I strongly disagree with this statement on the use of technology, because it limits the amount of outside interactions and technology can do everything for you. For example, now people mostly use text as a way to communicate with someone through social media. Using only this form of communication can limit the use of verbal communication with a person. Resulting in negative relationships with a person causing misunderstandings and negative relationships. Avioding verbal interactions is very bad for someone. Technology can also be damaging for the health. Technology is both physically and emotionally unhealthy. For Instance the use of so much technology can damage the eyes and can cause brain damage this can result to unhealthy problems in the future. On the other hand people think that by using there phones, tablets and computers. They do not have to be mobile and do a task by themselves with no technology. By sitting around and not getting up to go out and finish a task can lead to loss of energy and many other physical problems. The lack of day to day verbal communication can cause negative emotions. For instance not verbally talking to people can make someone feel lonely and unhappy. Using technology as a way to purchase things and avoiding going to the stores can have some negative outcomes. For Example purchasing an electronic on a website and having it delivered it can result to being broken, missing pieces, and can be the wrong thing this can lead to loss of money and can lead to no possible refunds. People use this as way to shop for food, clothes, and books instead of being able to feel the object or know the quality of the item itself or asking an employee about the items pros and cons.In conclusion, Many people agree that technology allows them to complete many tasks without having to come in contact with others. As a result Technology has a negative impact on people limiting contact with person to person resulting to negative impacts on there day-to-day life, Although, technology is smart it is always the best idea is to be able to do things more off technology and using more verbal communication with a people rather than a phone or computer using verbal communication is the best way to being positive outcomes and being able to go to a store instead of relying on technology.  