Likewise, many people believe that" Determine never to be idle ... it is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing". By all means that by being idle you won't get much done, but if active can get a lot of more stuff done. Others believe that by being idle, you can still get anything done as much as a person that is consistently active. I strongly agree that by being active will get more tasks complete, and it will be less difficult. By always having something to do, your showing everyone your character and your morals. Inactivity and idleness is not good because by not having anything to do you won't learn as much as a person that has to do the majority of time. Actively participator have better improved skills then those who don't do anything. Firstly, being active is the best goal a mind set can have. It will be less likely for one to not complete a task or struggle with a task if it is idle. Always doing something no matter if you have nothing to do, shows a lot about someone's motivation and actions. Especially in a work place, if your boss sees you doing nothing while there being things to do, he's going to think you're inactive. By showing everyone you always have something to do, you're showing them that you are capable of doing anything. There's no task to difficult or no job to big for you to complete because you are already used of always doing something in your everyday life and while being idle from the task isn't part of your expectation or motives. If you think of always being occupied and being successful it practically the same concept just because getting task done is like you doing anything you are asked to do and being successful is like achieving your goals. Secondly, Idle and inactivity serves a purpose when you are a 100 percent sure you can do anything when asked. For example my dad once told me, why are you always playing video games and that why don't I go and play outside with my friends. What I told him was that I did not want to, and he told me that my actions show a lot about whom I am. After that he signed me up for a youth soccer team, that I played being a defender. Although i wasn't good, I started trying my best and being active with the team. Later that day my coach was talking to my dad and telling him how I was participating and doing everything he told me to do. What he also had suggested to my dad was if he can move me up to a left forward because of all the hard work and commitment I had done for the pass warm-ups and practice games. Therefore, people that are always participating you will see improvement in grades, work ethic and body structure. People that always are doing something productive in there everyday life have good grades because they are used of finishing all their work, rather than the student that doesn't do anything and idled from the class. Humans that are always active rather than being idle and isolated have a better attitude and work experience. Going to the Gym doesn't only show that you have an excellent daily routine, but you are person that has a goal to complete each and every day. Keeping your self occupied Theo out any circumstance is a good skill and shows that you are not inactive and that nothing is excluding you from doing anything you have to do. In conclusion, do you think always having something to do all the time shows who you really are? Participating shows a lot about a person goals and achievements. Inactive people show their lack of interest and the type of attitude shown. While a person that is consistently doing things and keeping there self occupied and does not tend to complain about what they are ever asked to do. Always doing stuff will make you want to complete more each and every time.