Has the limitation of human contact due to the use of technology had positive or negative effects on people's lives? Yes, people using technology on everyday bases can have negative effects on their lives. For example, looking into your screen for long period of time can have negative effects on your eyes. Being on your phone everyday limits your time of socialist and having regular conversion with other people. Technology can make you develop an edition with your phone, video game, and computer making you unaware with what's happening around the world. Eventhoght technology has negative effects on you, sometimes technology can have positive effects on you and your everyday life. For example, technology can help you keep and complete tasks in your everyday life. Using your phone can low you to do things like: order clothes, buy edibles, talk with family and friends all over the world, watch movies, listing to music, playing games, remembering birthdays, and things you have to do in your long term plan. Getting things done just by your phone can make your life easier and stress-free. In some cases technology is used more than to just watch movies and remembering birthdays, It's used to save lives and make new inventions. For instance, older people with health problems use technology every day, they depend on technology to safe their lives. The technology that they have can alert and get the help the person needs without the person having to call or touch anything. People around the works are using technology to help and make cure for people with health issues. Some are using technology to make new inventions such as, self-driving cars to make the world a better and safe place. For students technology is very helpful they can use it in school to take tests, quizzes, and classwork. They can use it at home to do homework and study. Use it to research and watch visual watch videos to help them understand things they don't know. Help them communicate with teachers and other helpful resources online. For homeschooled students' technology is very helpful, because some students are able to learn and understand better if they got lessons online than in a classroom. Moreover, technology is a very helpful thing it might have negative effects on you and your life if you use it in the wrong way but it's very helpful in some cases, and people actually need technology to learn and live. Therefore, technology can benefit people in their everyday life. Technology isn't bad or have negative effects on you it's the way you use technology.