Many people say how wonderful it is that much can be done if we are always doing something. But do we really accomplish more if we are always doing something to help shape our future, or can inactivity also serve a purpose as well? In my opinion, much can be accomplished if we are always doing something to preserve our future and make it safe and way better than how our generation is now. We can make it better for all the generations that comes after us by keep on doing something to shape and preserve our society. Thomas Jefferson wrote that ''determine never to be idle'' which means that always be determined to do something to help shape our society into something more and better and to never lack your worth. If people back then would've never done anything like build roads or invent automobiles or anything, we would've never had what we have now. Inactivity can also serve a purpose to our society and how our future is going to look like. It can make a huge impact on how we live now and how our future is going to look like and how is it going to be like if people would've been inactive. Everything that we built and invented wouldn't be here in this generation or the next one. We probably would've been living like how the great depression was back then but a lot worse because there wouldn't be any people working or there wouldn't be any cars or even houses and buildings because people were inactive this could lead to all of us being poor. We would've been out there living on the streets with no houses all because people were being inactive back then and not build anything that can help shape our future. We all have a certain unique skill set we can use to help our world and make our society a better place then what it is now. Furthermore, we can keep making things and accomplish our goals that can be done by not quitting and always keep doing something to make a change because who knows what we can accomplish and how we can make an impact on how our next generation is going to be like if we always keep doing something. A lot of things can be done when we do something instead of being inactive and doing nothing to help with our society because when we do nothing it has a much bigger effect then actually doing something, we could all be out on the streets probably with no job or even a house to live in because it was never invented because of the many people that were inactive in the past. We already accomplished so much because of the people in the past did something, and they always kept doing something to actually make a huge difference to what the future will look like. Therefore, we accomplish a lot more when we keep doing what we do now a lot can be done, if we keep making an impact our future is going to keep changing into something more better than how we live now, having always something to do serves a huge purpose.