As a teen every one have different opinion on what to do in high school year. In some societies, student are expected to identify to a career by the time they enter high school. I agree that is good idea for student to commit to a career at a young age. Is the best option for student to commit at a young age for there career in high school. The Student could be more expert in their own career when they young. They could be much better and more expert when they keep doing there job every day at work. Also, they could get paid even more for working with the company they like. Even is fun for them to work because they give them the option to what to do in their career. If teen start their courses they will have to try hard to reach their career. They have to be tested how they do if they are in their real job. If teen fails that means that they will not do good in their real job, so they have to try again, so they could pass and go to their real job. that's good because you still young, and you could still work and make more money than others. So that good to start their career when you young. Some teens disagree that is a good idea for student to commit to a career at young age. Teens says that student have to look for more career if they don't have one. While some says that Teen will start doing there career as soon as possible when they study their own career in high school. Starting your career young is the best for money, you could make more money as you get older. Also, starting your career young is the best for your life. When you get old you will have to quite your job because you will not be quick, and knowing what to do. As a result, this is important for teen to start their career in high school because they could start doing there career a soon as possible. Teen start there courses they will have to try hard to reach their career. Teen could be more expert at their career. This is my opinion to teen. All teen need to start their career in high school for better life, more money, and better for the company you work for.  