Author Ralph Emerson wrote, "To be yourself in a world that that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment." He is totally wrong because to be yourself in a world and make the greatest accomplishment in your life, the wold do not have to take control over you liberty, you should take control over the world to accomplish what's you are going to be. Author Ralph Waldo Emerson did not think before writing these letter because to be yourself in a world, you should have to make your own decisions, do something that you would like to do, and being your self not letting the world take control over your life. First thing, be yourself and never give the right to the world. To make that happen you should have to make your own decisions, because if you let the world choose for you in the future you may get lost and tire about your life, because you let the world take control over your life, and for not choosing your own decision. Being your self and not letting the world try to make something else, is something that will bring goods in your future, because is something that you choose, and you know why did you take it and why did you choose it. However, the peoples that let the word choose for them, they will get tire about life. The second thing for accomplishment; and not letting the world control you, is being your self and do what you like to do, never letting the world do whatever it wants to do with you. If you want to do the greatest accomplishment in your life you should take something that you like to do. Because when you do something that you like to do you will never go to get tire about doing it, when you like to do something, and you wanted to be the greatest accomplishment, you are not going to feel that job like a job because is something that you like to do. But to make that happen and accomplish that dream. Never led the world to do what ever it wants with you. Being your self and not letting the world take control over your life, the best choice that you can do, because being yourself and choose your own decision will help you to know what to do, what's good, what's bad, what career to choose, and what goal to accomplish because the only person who know all about you is you. So you should not let the world ruin their life, and take their own decisions and tell the world that you can do it in your own. Lots of people let the world choose for them and in future they ruin their life, and they don't know what's to do for not choosing the correct choice and because they let the world choose for them. In conclusion, never led the world to change your life. Because if you led the world to choose for you, you will never go to get satisfy. Always be your self because if you led the world to choose for you will have a bad and sad feature for not choosing the right decision. Always do a thing what you like to do, like sports or a profession that you would like to be, if you choose things that you like you never going to feel it like a job. sometimes you let the world choose for you, but in the future you will get bored because you did not choose what you like. If you want to make real the greatest accomplishment, never led the world to change you. 