The first thing to consider, is that one person is not going to behave the same way as someone else, and all people are not going to act the way as they did when they were kids. Depending on the way people are raised they may change their behavior over time. If you are brave enough you can choose who you want to be, and you can guide yourself. Everyone is going through something at this moment, and these are not always good things. People may experiment terrible incidents that are going to change their lives forever. These events are just going through your life, and sometimes there is nothing you can do to make it different. All these things may change you character behavior. Anyone's personality is going to change if they are not aware of what they are doing, and these actions will lead you to live horrible moments. At this point you no longer have control over your actions and just doing what you want, maybe not knowing what your character has turned into. On the other hand; will realize what is going on around their lives as they grow up, and they are not afraid to know what is happening, they will use these problems to become stronger. As time passes; they will go through different issues, experiment different changes, but they just don't pay attention to it, and do what they want. Those people usually have control over their life and decide whether they want to change or not. A lot of people around them will try to hurt make them feel different. For some people is easy to just not care about anything and just care about themselves, it could be a good thing because not anyone is going to make you feel bad. Over time, they become smarter, stronger and tougher, but they also know if they need to change something in their life. They were just raised differently and a different place that is why they will act different to the rest of people because they also know what is best for them, when something bad is happening they know how to handle it. These situations may change anybodies personality, and eventually they will become a complete new different person. It just depends on the actions they choose to do and the way they see the world. It could be because of tragedies, maybe many bad people around them, they could change if they wanted to. There are many possibilities and reasons for people to change, and it will happen at any given point and when they realize it, they are completely different. It just depends on the way of your thinking, only you can decide if you want to be different, some people may have a weak or strong mind. Some situations are just defined as drastic events that could happen to you and there is nothing you can do about it if you wanted to make it better, only you know if you can handle it. You can confront it or let it change you. Some people will form their own character, or because they don't know what to do anymore. As log as you are aware of what you are doing, you will know what is best for you.  