When I was in elementary school, I've always wanted to have art lessons. Art is the lesson that I would like to share with elementary school students because it could help them in several ways. The first way art would help the students is by making them more patient. When you are doing art and using paints, sometimes you have to wait until it dries, so you can add more details etc, that is one way that art can help them be more patient. You have to be patient when you are making realistic drawings, because if you draw fast you might forget to add important details and the drawing may not come out as good as it would if you had drawn it with patience. Another way that it helps the students being patient is that they also sometimes might have to redraw it if the drawing does not come out as good as they thought it would, and that requires patience, especially if you make a mistake when you are about to finish it. And also, when they are working in groups they might have to explain for the rest of the group what are their ideas and how they want to do the project, which also requires patience. The second way art would be important to students is by making them more creative. When you are making art you have to be creative and think a lot. Being creative wouldn't only help them at school, it would also help their future. For example, if the student dream about their future, then it would help them to think more and be creative about what they want to do. Being creative would help them in several ways. And lastly, art would help them be focused. When you are drawing you have to focus on what you are doing. If you lose the smallest bit of focus, you can make a mistake and might have to do everything again. Being a more focused person would also help them in life. And also, they would need to focus on the directions when doing their work. In conclusion, art would be helpful in several ways, It would help them to be a patient, creative, and focused person. Art would help them in life and school. It would help their future. This is why I would like to share this lesson with them.