While, some students are distracted others are taking an advantage of it. Although some say that cell phones should not be allowed in classrooms. Actually it should be allowed in classrooms, for research purpose and projects during class. By the use of cell phones. We can learn more about any topic, an example of this can be, if the teacher is explaining something and I don't understand instead of asking him. I can go to internet and find out. All the things that I need to learn and with examples. I agree with the assertion of using cell phones in classrooms. Those who believe, that cell phones should not be allowed in classrooms, have their reasons, for example they believe that cell phones are distracted, in a way that students can't control it. They also think that cell phones are addictive. However, that is not true because we all can control our self, and I think that if we use our cell phones in a corresponding way, we will not only learn more, we will improve our skills and in the future become professional in anything. I believe that we should use cell phones for research purpose, for example I remember when I was in English class I got sick, and I had to go to the doctor when I came back, to school the teacher was giving directions for our next assignment, but At that moment I felt like I was out a lot of days, but no it was only 2 days out of class, so I said to him, I feel like I had miss a lot of things just let me know what I need to do, and I will try to do everything that I need, so he said we went over more vocabulary, but right now I am explaining something, if you want to do it you have to stay after school I will be happy to help you. I said no you don't have to explain me nothing, just give me the vocabulary I will look it up in internet, and I will write down the meaning of each word I will be quiet, so you can keep doing what you're doing. He said fine. If cell phones are not allowed in classrooms, I could not do my vocabulary, and not only that I improved my skills by researching for good information which is not easy. I think that this is a good example why we should use cell phones in classrooms, so we can use them in a correct way thinking about our grades. I also think that we should use cell phones for projects. This is my friend called Generic_Name he is 17 years old we are friends from middle school. In this time we were in government class, once again the teacher gave us a group activity in this case we had to came up with a new country, otherwise invent country, so we had to give it name, where it will be located, and the rulers for its country. After that, all the students got their own computers, but there were not enough for everyone, so we had no computers next, we asked the teacher can we used our cell phones, for the project she asked if there were no more computers, and we said no not more, so with no choice the teacher said yes, used your cell phones, but only for the project, without wasting time we got our phones out, and we started working on our new project we worked in our cell phones as we had computers after the hard work we stopped, because the bell ring. This is another proof why cell phones are important they are really helpful in many s ways we used all cell phones, for the whole project and thanks to that we turned in our project on time. In conclusion, we should all used cell phones in classrooms for research purpose and projects. Having in mind that a lot of people will not agree, but cell phones are helpful. They are important. Technology is here for us, so we can take an advantage, and use it like it is for our own purpose. Cell phones will provide a better understanding to all the students in all schools We should reflect about it, and came up with our own position. If cell phones should be allowed in classrooms, or cell phones should not be allowed in classrooms.