Inside each people always has the right and the wrong sides. That make they think if they should being themselves or not. If a person being themselves then they just want to do anything they know and do not care another person. However, they live in the modern world and have many things to worries. Although people have their own decision, people should not being themselves are great accomplishment because sometimes they need to change and over time people have done the tasks they hate.First, people have their own decision. So, we know that many people are accomplishment by their own decision but only for who are smart or brave challenge themselves. Some of them just live and do anything they like when they success. However, not being themselves should not change the physical world. For example, a man who has a dream that he can travel around the world. He is always thinking about it but he can not. Because he knows it is a modern world and has many things to do and worries. So, he put his dream on the side and focuses on the job. He hopes it will make his life better and can complete his dream later. Also, sometime they need to change. Some people they never change their lives, and they just live by the rules. Of course, they will feel boring and nonsense. They want to do with something else. For instance, a person who live with his family, and he recognizes that he likes to become the doctor in the future because his family want it. Absolutely, he knows what he wants to do. But when he does this job for the long times, and he feels that he does not have more interest. Every day, he is so busy, and he does not have times for his family and himself. So, he knows work to lives, not lives to work. After thinking about that, he wants to do the jobs that make him comfortable and can enjoy the wonderful life. In addition, over time people have done the tasks they hate. Task is the mission from the boss give them to completing. So, they force finishing it while they do not like. When they go out to work they need to follow all the rules of the life. Also, they can not do anything they like while living with their family before. For example, a trainee person who is young and do not have an experience in the job. Because he just graduation and he wants to become the employer in this company. So, he will manage by the marketing manager and he is so happy about that. For the first day, the manager just wants him to do some work likes to buy the coffee, copy papers... And he thinks it will be better for the next day, but the manager just gives him these jobs and no more. So, he hates it, but he never gives up because it is the rules of life. He recognizes that help him too much to create more skills and learn more experiences. Thus, people should not being themselves are great accomplishment. So, people should not being themselves because they do not know exactly about themselves. Some people want to become another one to success. When they look at another people they can learn more lessons and experiences in life. Sometimes, they need to change to know the outside of the world have more fun than if they just stay at one place. Another lesson for that is something they hate is not mean they give up or not finish it because it is a part of testing in the life. Just do the best they can, and maybe they can accomplishment if not being themselves.