Many people success because of their behavior or attitude and how well they do in school or how great they are with others. But having a positive attitude is good because, If you are a positive person other people would like to be around you more, You will feel better and in a good mood most of the time, You could help others do well in work or even if they feel down or without motivation. It also helps in your daily day. A good attitude is great for everyone, and it shows the real you. Having a positive attitude is good for you and others. Many people are depressed and being around someone with a positive attitude makes them feel better and more confident. An example of this is if your friend is going through a hard time, and you help him or her or even talk to them positively about the issues they will feel better and even could possibly start getting a better attitude. Just because they're getting the support or talk they need by a close friend with a good attitude. So people even feel so much better about them self whenever they talk to someone about their problems. And Having a good attitude is like having a good vibe and people love being around those type of people. You will feel better with yourself if you are in a good mood. Being positive helps with your mood and they way you see life. If you're having a hard time at work or any other activities such as school, sports or even at home. You could gain motivation on doing those things by having a positive attitude. However, this might not work all the time because of all the negative people that is in our world and how people act and treat others now days, but it will make sure that you are in track and ready for whatever and it won't really affect you or hurt you. A positive attitude helps a lot on your daily basic. Lets said you and your wife or husband argue. All you would need to do is think positive like about good memories or moments together. I'm pretty sure if you all love each other the argument won't really affect anyone. Another example if you have a good attitude people at work would love working with you, People at school would love doing group work with you. No one likes to work with a negative person so why ruin the party when you can share positively to others. Many good things can come out of having a positive attitude. However, A lot of people would believe that not having a positive attitude is the key to success, They are wrong because a lot of things could happen when you are a negative person. Such as being depressed, losing motivation to do almost anything, making bad decisions, not like being with others, and not liking things you use to do. All this reason could be because of a bad attitude. But soever if you have a positive mood everything would feel so much better and you going to have better days and others would respect you because of your attitude. In conclusion having a positive attitude is good for everyone, and it makes people life better. Because of the good moods, helping others and yourself, having better days. And it just makes life so much better and easier. No one deserve to be negative or even mean to others. We all created equal, and we all live in the same world. So why not just go on and share our positive attitude with others and for we could make our planet a better place for everyone.