Is important to learn from other people experiences? The answer is yes, because they don't want you to do the same that they did. In this essay I would talk about why is important to learn others people experiences. In my point of view, learning the experiences of others is important, because you learn something that someone had already committed that mistake, and they tell you not to do when you grow. First, one person that had shared their experiences with me is one of my friend. He had told me plethora of experiences that he had when he was young. One of the experiences that he had told me. Is that when he had the same that I have, he used to go out of the house without asking permission to his parents. Almost every week he used to live the house without permission. One day, he realized that he was doing something wrong, so he stops going out of the house without permission. He tells me his experiences, because he wants me to learn that is you are below 18 you still have to ask permission to you parents to do anything. Next, when people had told you their experiences that they had when were young. You already know what not to do when you grow up, because someone had already told you not to do it. Maybe your grandfather, parents, friends, e. t.c. had told you plethora of their experiences that they had. They tell you does experiences, because they don't want you to commit the same mistake that they did in the past. In addition to, they want you to do better them what they did in their best moment of life. Furthermore, they want you to do successful in life. One day, you are about to do something wrong, but then you realized that someone that you know did it before, and they had already told you that it didn't go well. Then you stop, and you think what happen to that person that did the same mistake you were about to do. In conclusion, maybe when you were young you did something wrong. You would share that experiences to your children, grandchildren, and others, because you would not like them to commit the same mistake. Even that someone had already told you not to do it. Finally, in my point of view learning the experiences of others is important, because they don't want you to do the same mistake. First, one person that have shared his experiences with me is one of my friends, he had told plethora of experiences because he don't want me to get in trouble as he used to be when he got the same age that I have. Next, when people tell you their experiences, they want you to do better them what they did. Furthermore, they want you to do successful in life.