Big Responsibility Young Again most common societies, students are expected to identify a career by the time they're ending high school but in some societies, students are expected to identify a career by the time they enter school. What is the best? We'll figure out. Is not an easy thing to do, decision the most difficult thing to do in life and even more when you're young. Trying to know what a person want at young age it must be difficult, everybody pretend that you must know what you want at young age when you have always get everything by your parents, grandparents, aunt, uncle or tutor. You can't know what you want to do in your life even if you haven't live by your self. I don't think it's a good idea for students to star stressing them just when they have entered to school because school can be hard sometimes even if it's your first year at high school even if you are smart, so I don't think that could work making a student stressing at young age. Student have to do other stuff not only thinking about careers they want to take, students have to do homework, some students have to help their parents and get a job to help them some students love to do sport. Students also need help and time to know what they want for the rest of their life. Young people have to do it carefully because their future depends on their decisions on the present. It's hard for a student to decide what they want for they live for instance when I was at 9 grade my parents told me, if you don't know what career you want to take it's fine you have 4 years to decide. When my parents told me this I felt so peaceful and relax because I had time to see what career Want to take, and I had time to get information about careers that were interesting for me. And I could do better at school because I didn't have to keep thinking about careers that I want for my life because I could do that in my free time. In conclusion if a student it's a really young age let them think what they want not only because it's at young age it's also because they're going to pick something that it's for the rest of their life. Not easy for a young boy or girl to know what they're going to decide to do for the rest of their life, specifically when they haven't discovered what life is like. The only way that you could decide what career you want being an early age it's with help of God.