Yes, I agree failure plays in the pursuit of success. Some people when they fail they learn what they did wrong and next time they fix it. If they don't understand or learn from their mistakes. They can't get success in there life. If anyone did any mistake try to fix it. If you can't fix it. Get help from your family or your friends. When I was in 9th Grade. I don't like math. Because I don't understand math question. I read my question and find mistakes. What I did wrong. Then I fix my mistakes. I do my work again and again. I do my work very hard. Furthermore, I ask my teacher about anything that I don't understand. She helps me lat to learn math. Because I did my work hard now I get the success. Now I am good at math. When I came in United States. I don't Speak and understand English. I made many mistakes to write the work or speak. Furthermore, I try my best and I learn English from my teachers from my friends. Any word I don't understand I look in dictionary. If I can't find word in dictionary I ask my teachers. I speak English at home with my brother and sister they fix my mistakes and its help me to speak better English. Some people when they lost they don't try it again. Because they think that we are not good at this. Cause of that they can't get success. Peoples who are around them, they need to help them motivate them, so they can try it again. Like Sport coaches motivate there team before they match. When someone motivates other they get energy to do something. Don't be afraid to loss next time try with more power. Everyone loss in there life and they learn from that. Reasons why people fail. Because no one understand them, so they think that no one care about them. People need to understand other problems and help them. Tell them that you make this mistake try to fix this, and you will be better. When someone breaks his/her leg. Then he/she is so afraid to walk. Because he/she think that it's very painful. Then someone helps his/her put his/her hand on the shoulder. Then they slowly put weight his/her leg. Like this you don't need to lose enthusiasm in your life. When you feel failure see other people read about them that how they fight when they fail. Many American famous people loss in their missions but they don't loss there hope. They try it again, and now we are read about them. Because they did many things. That's help us make easy and fast to do our work or travel. Like Airplane, Electricity, Computers, Cars, and many others things. Some people fail in there life. They try again but still they fail. So try something else that easy for you, and you can make your life better. Like if you are not in a basketball try soccer or baseball. Which one is easy for you. Choose that and do hard work on that. Practice every day don't be lazy. I want to say that do what ever do you want to do. But do that you are good in and easy for you. If you like another thing that's hard for you. Do hard work on it and make easy for you. Don't lose enthusiasm. How this world work? Help others then they will help you not always.