Do you agree with Churchill statement about the important role that failure plays in the pursuit of success? Yes because in order for you to be successful you have to fail a couple of times. For an example when was 10 years old I lived in Miami Florida and I played football. Every kid I went up against they were faster than me and better, and I got mad because I was not good enough. One day the coach pulled me after practice and told me what's up this is not the kid I saw play football in Miami Beach. He then matched me up with the best receiver he had, and I still didn't surprise him with that kid he saw on the beach. After a while of training and training back to back coach then matched us up again now I was faster and better it got to the point where I was his star receiver that season we finished 10-0. We went to playoffs and finished 5-0 coach was really happy in 10 years of coaching he had never achieved something like that with his football team. But it was the final game everything changed the team we went up against had stronger and bigger players they first took out are running back with a neck injury so that left me playing two positions. We were up 21-7 its second half 2 minutes before half and next thing you know I had both tight ends and safety hit me at the same time both tight ends hit me in my knee, and I was done. What hurt the most was seeing my coach not being able to concentrate he had then even left the special team coach run the plays all because coach went to check on me. He asked the doctors was I okay, and they said he is done he can't play neither can he walk. After that coach went outside mad he was really mad, and he then saw the score board it said 28-7. We were still up than there's the halftime coach talks to the players even I did so and they go back on the field we are on the 40-yard line and next thing you know boom are star quarter back is hit. He is not getting up his spine was broken, and he could not even move after that coach knew we lost the game, but coach did not know that I was feeling better without coach knowing i went back on the field the score is 28-28 there's 30 second left and the ball is on the 50-yard line. Coach starts to see the formation he than knew I was on the field, and he tried calling timeout, but there was no time out left coach knew I could throw, but the team did not know my friend Ricky is running he cuts back and runs back up the field as fast as he can, I throw the ball he catches it on the 10-yard line, and he gets the touchdown coacher than ran on the field and picked me up. Coach then said how did u manage to hold in all the pain after being hit like that I told him the same way my brother managed to cover me when there was a drive by, and he was shot 9 times. Coach knows I came from a rough spot in Miami especially the projects. Now I am 17 and I learned from my passed I learned from being a failure for you to be able to be great you have to fail no matter what nobody is perfect. My brothers always told me if you eat okay now you will eat better tomorrow it is a saying just about being able to actually grind and stay humble. Sometimes in life things will not always be easy because that is just the way things are and I personally will be better from yesterday. How do you think all the star people from nowadays have so much money they were not good from the jump they failed a lot in life nothing will never come easy to be great you have to beat the great. Football players don't just get to be star just like that they have to earn it. Rappers don't get to get platinum just like that they have to make good songs. Everything in life is a sacrifice you have to humble yourself and be able to go out and get it because nothing will be bought to you. You can feed a horse, but you can't force them to eat it. 