Well I think we should always be doing something because it takes your mind off of other things in your head. We can accomplish more if we are doing something like people have accomplished a lot within the years and look where we are now. We could be farther, but some people are always lazy and don't like doing nothing. Those people gotta get out of their house and do something for that world each person can change the world a little but at least they are doing something. The greatest people that lived or lives on this world have done amazing stuff, and it's not because they are sitting down in their couch eating and watching TV, it's because they are out their learning more and doing more for us the people, so we can have a better future and I want to do the same thing, so I can give my children a better future and a better life. Think of it this way if they are building a skyscraper do they only put a group of five people to do the work NO right they are gonna but hundreds of people because "much may be done if we are all doing". What Thomas Jefferson said is true we can do more if we all but our part but there are people that don't want to do nothing but that is ok because there is people out there that is putting more effort than some of us. Imagine if the whole world doesn't do nothing for a whole day when would our economy go to or our community they would collapse. If we all do our work imagine how our economy would go and how our community would improve if we would all do something our world would be a better place for all people and animals. For right now more people our doing their part than people that are not because if more people are not doing anything than people that are doing something then this world would have collapsed already. If you are a person that is always putting in their part you will receive more than the people that don't do nothing. Look life is a test full of choices the choices are what define you and what you have done, and they will define you your whole life and your choices may be better for the people or not but if their not the chose wisely next time because choices can change the world like closing to do something or not. It's not bad to not doing anything you're not doing damage to no one all I'm trying to say is that your help could help the community and the world so don't be afraid to do something and don't be ashamed of doing something and failing be ashamed of not trying.