There are some young teenagers that already know a specific career they want to follow after finishing high school. Some teenagers have planned to go to college after high school and some have planned to start with a job. However, there are also some teenagers that don't have any future plans and they don't care about it. In today's societies, Schools expect students to identify a career by the time they enter high school. To help that, high schools offers many courses to help their students identify a specific career and to also guide towards them. Starting with the disadvantage of choosing a specific career at a young age. Of a young child, its dream career is to become a policemen or policewomen, firemen or firewomen, an actor or actress or even an astronaut. By the time the young child gets older, it's interest changes in many categories such as their dream job. Starting as a freshman in high school, students have a big and an open mind to almost everything, and so they think they already know what they want to do after high school. However, after time passes, students will learn and experience new stuff in school and out of school, and they might get to know different int reset, and opinions of their friends and classmates. Those could change a young teenagers mind and interest easily. Therefore, some students will change their courses over and over again, till they finally identified a career that they really like, and enjoy. However, some other students get tired of chasing a career they once dreamed of, that they change every school year and get lazy or don't care anymore. Another disadvantage would be that students only concentrate on their future careers and focus on their difficult classes they take, and this might sound confusing because, that is the reason why students go to school, however only focusing on work doesn't mean it's healthy for a young teenager. Taking school not seriously is not the point here, however taking school work too serious "For the good of the students future" can cause serious damage in important relationships, such as the relationship between a child and his or her parents could be damaged because, the child has too much pressure on his or her mind and if his or her parents interrupt, a fight between parents and child would break out. Another problem would be that the young teenager will have difficulties making friends or has difficulties to talk to other classmates about anything besides school. During the teenagers free time, the teenager won't go out and play with his friends, or maybe he doesn't have any and stays at home playing video games. That's why some parents disagree with today's societies. The reason why is because, they don't like that the schools expects students to identify a career by the time they enter high school, saying that the schools should give the young teenagers time to experience and learn new things before they have to chose what they want to be in the future. However, not all students feel the same way as the other students. In fact, many students already know what they want to do after school and appreciate the opportunity to chose specific classes. Students can better concentrate on specific class to help them and guide them towards their dream career, of course there are other classes that have to be taken, in able to graduate however, students still have the opportunity to chose specific classes. Besides having a great opportunity to get helped and prepared for their future, is that young teenagers will have more fun in class that in regular class. The reason why is because, they will have more fun working on something that their interest in than working on other class work. Making friends will also be a lot easier, because the students in the same class will have the same interest and maybe the same opinion. Choosing a specific career that they want to follow, at a young age is big step, in fact it's maybe a to big of step for a young teenager. However, there are also many young teenagers that already identified a career that they want to follow, it pretends on how the young boy or young girl acts, motivation and working speed. It would be better to give the young teenagers a little more time to think about the future and maybe to just let them experience new things and learn more about our societies, so at the end they have a clearer view on what is going on and what they maybe will be in the future, so they can better prepare themselves. However, the optional courses should not be change, and they should be stayed like that because, they are very helpful and perfect to prepare and guide the students towards their dream career. As we all can see there are many pros and contrast to this subject that could be disgust and argued about. Those were my.