Everyone chooses their own character no matter if you are small or big. A persons' character is based on their personality. It's easy for people to choose a character for themselves either a good or a bad character. Having a good character shows that you are a good person, but if you decide to have a bad character people no longer will trust you, and you will be worthless to others, so this is why we choose our own character. We choose our own character because our character is based on how we interact with other people. Some people don't have a good character and that's why people neither wants to trust them nor talk to them. Even in the movie no one likes the bad character because they are mean, bad, and no good to others but to harm them and put them in danger. A coworker of mine was very rude to customers. He was always mad therefor no other employees wanted to talk to him. One day a customer complained to the manager about how he was being rude to her, so the manager decided to fire him from his job. We choose our character based on how we dress. People can present themselves as neat person by the way how they dress in public or anywhere else. If a person has a job interview, and he wants to look good then he has to wear a dress that fits his character and makes him that he wants the job. A few years ago my uncle was invited to a wedding party, but he wasn't sure what to wear, however some of his friend told him to wear something casual, but that didn't fit his character because he was a boss of a company, therefor many of his coworker would see him there, so he decided to wear a suit because it was best for his character. We choose our own character by the way how we talk to other people. For example if my brother speaks to others in a good manner people will always respect him. Being nice and respecting others will represent a good character of you. It is very easy for someone to change their character, whatever you choose to be that will be your character. Having a good character is very important in our everyday life, furthermore having a good personality will also affect a persons' character so in order to have a better character you need to have a good personality. Some people say that we can't choose our character because it's beyond our control, however choosing your character is not hard you just need to have a good personality and have to be nice to others. Most people that we don't know how to choose our character traits, therefor choosing a good character do not need any special skills. All a person has to do to have a nice character they have to dress properly they need to have good manners and don't be rude to others and this is all it takes to have a good character. Other people may say it's hard for us to choose our character traits because we are not able to, however for some people it's hard but the things that a person does in their everyday life those things chooses their character it determines if they have a good character or not.  