Should students enjoy less summer vacation and more winter break. Why would they change the vacation time? Can't it just stay the same as usual? Would the students like that change? Are those changes going to help the students in their studies? First of all some students won't like this change because, in the winter time it can get freezing, so the students won't be able to go outside, walk,nor play. Also, one of the reasons they wouldn't like the change is that I summer break they can be outside and go out places. In the winter could get freezing, and the students stay outside for a long period of time they might get a could and miss some school days and affect them. If they miss schools days they will be behind from the class. In the other hand some students might like that idea because in the summer it can get really hot outside. If it's really hot outside people can get dehydrate, but for other reasons summer days can be some amazing days. Some benefits of summer : going to the beach, amusement park, camping,and travel. Reasons that students will like to have more summer vacation:more vacations days, nice weather to go outside, go to the pool, explore nature and helps them to stop using technology. If this change in vacations happen I won't like it, because I like being outside in warm weathers and i would hate to have less summer break and more winter break. Plus I hate when we don't have school when there's a snow s day. Like how the vacation time is right now because everyone can enjoy some action in the tie that the like the best. I am also sure that most of the student will like to keep the same time of vacations because they want to have more not lesson conclusion the time of vacation will not change because the students will prefer to keep the same one. They would like to enjoy the time not hate it. My point is if the student don't like the new time they will probably won't like to g back to school and just ignore it. So if they want to change the time talk to the student if they are ok with it, if not then make a solution about it.  