My central idea is supported with specific information about this threes reason, one make something great for other people, two specific jobs, three skill. And give my opinion about all this and be very specific. In my opinion I agree with Emerson, Because it is very important to make something great for other people that you want to help. This could be a good reason constantly to help a lot of people to accomplishment dreams, goals and purpose in the life. For example make something good for people that want growing and that the families feel around by the achievement. Other example, give to other people a reason for to going forward and comply their dreams and purpose in the life. Specific job, a specific job make something greatest for a lot of people in this world. In this job we help to people that want comply their purpose in their lives and enjoy their accomplishment. Specific job that can help a lot of peoples to get many opportunities for working in any work. We help to get good information about a specific job that want greatest a magnetic accomplishment. We recollected good information about your dreams and goals that you want, for get an excellent job that you want in your life. My idea central is help to other people to find greats accomplishment in your lives. For example, we can help to other people to find information about career and specific job. Other example reach information about what want the people in specific for get an amazing accomplishment. To have a skill to trying to make something else is the greatest accomplishment that you can make for other people. When you decide to help to other peoples that is very interested to going forward with the battle of wanted for get a good accomplishment. For example, you have a big ability for help to other people to get a greats accomplishment, you can help to other people, and this can be some amazing in your life and in my life too. My conclusion is help to other people to find the greatest accomplishment and purpose in the life, that can make very happy the rest of the life and enjoy a magnetic job that I want, and always going forward and never finally the dreams and purposes, and never stop to dream high.  