Dear, Dr. Generic_Nathan you for reading my letter. I hope it finds you well. I am currently a junior at Generic_School. Furthermore, I believe that the students should commit to career at a young age because. Career can show how creative students can be, and have a had start to choose their careers before they get out of high school. First, I would like to talk about how creative students can be in their career. When schooled. For example, I would like to express myself through my art to show my emotions and I love to excess myself through my art. It makes me feel happy but if I don't start choosing my career at a young age then how am I going to know what I want for my career and the students won't know what they want for their career when they get out of high school and that's how I would like to express myself through my career. Also, about students having a head start to choose their career at a young age. For example, I would not know what to choose if I didn't start in high school it would be a waste of time for me to find a career if I didn't start at a young age, if I started at school then there won't be a problem for me to find one also I would rather start now then later on in my life and how Am I going to express myself if I don't have a career to start with that's why students should think a head of choose their career. Last, students should think about what they want to do or be when they grow up because schools can help with your career when you need it, they can put you in a class where you want to learn about the career that you choose, and it will make is so much easier for the student to start now. For example, if I were to choose a career I would have to tell my teachers what classes that I what to take for my career chooses it can help a lot of students with their career chooses it would be a problem for them to tell the teachers what careers they want, and it would be easier for them to start telling the teachers what career they want and put students in the class they want to take for their career, but they have to trust their teachers first then they can tell the students what careers that they what to take or what good classes are good for this career that the student chooses and that's my opinion on students should be committed to a career at a young age. Thank you for taking the time to read through my thoughts about career chooses that means so much to me and thank you again. Sincerely, Generic_Name 