High school students should graduate in three years instead of traditional four years. Most student who follows this plan should work hard and take more courses in the summer or in the evening. Therefore, students will have a good choice to work one year early or to enter the college early. Students will finish high school early, work force one year early, achieve their goals early. These reasons are why high school students should graduate in three years instead of traditional four years. Firstly, students have a good idea to finish high school early. For example, some students take a course during the summers and some of them take courses during the evenings. When students take the courses during summer and in the evening, students will finish school early. In addition, some students may not be able to take elective courses. When student not taking elective courses, they will finish high school one year early. When students finish high school early, they will have time to achieve their dreams. Secondly, students will have time to work force one year early. For example, some students work hard for saving some money to pay the college. When students enter the college, they need money to pay the college for the courses which they will take it. Therefore, some students like to finish high school early for to have time to work one year early. When students work hard and saving money for college, they will study without any worried about the money that should pay to college. Most importantly, students will have time achieve their goals early. For example, some students want to achieve their goals' earl, for to have a good career. When students achieve their goals, they will have a good life in the future, and they will have a jobs or career to support their life. In addition, students who achieve their goals early, they will opportunity to achieve another goals. When students achieve another goals, they will make a future more better. Some people argue that high school students should not graduate in three years instead of the traditional four years. They say students will not be able to take elective courses. This may be true; however, when students will not be able to take elective courses, they will achieve their dreams early. In addition, when students graduate early they will have time to working and saving money for college. In fact, students will have a good choice to work one year early or to enter the college early. In conclusion, students have a good idea to finish high school early, have time to work force one year early, and students will have time to achieve their goals early. These reasons are why students should graduate in three years instead of the traditional four years. Some students take a course during the summers and some of them take courses during the evenings, for graduate early. Some students work hard for saving some money to pay the college. Some students want to achieve their goals' earl, for to have a good career.