No more junk food in the cafeteria anymore. Students need to start eating healthy, and take care of themselves, so they can stay energetic for the rest of the day. Cafeteria needs to change to a new, healthier school lunch menu, which would eliminate some students favorite cafeteria foods. It's a good idea to change to a new, healthier school lunch menu because students will eat more healthy, students will not be obese, and they will be healthy instead getting sick every other day. Majority of the people who eat healthy on daily basis are always in good health. My mom always eat healthy, and takes care of her diet, she's 60 years old, and she doesn't have any diseases or anything. She's in good health. So, she always tells me to stay determined to eat healthy, stay hydrated, and that should be the case for everyone else as well. Changing to a healthier menu is a good idea because students will eat well, and start to like the healthy food instead of the junk food. Eventually, students will start to like fruits and vegetables instead of chips and chocolates, and drink more water instead of soda, juice, and stay hydrated. They will be diligence towards their diet. Students will eat oatmeal, milk, yogurt, and some fruits in the morning from the cafeteria. It would digest easily and students will not have stomachache or any other kind of pain in the morning after eating breakfast. In lunch, they will eat proteins, for example: meat, nuts, and beans, also milk, water, stay energized for the rest of the day, and not have any disease or pain. Students will not be obese or gain a lot of weight. They will stay in shape because they will be eating healthy food from the cafeteria, and they will not have unhealthy condition of body or mind. Students will maintain their health, and stay fit by following their diet. Their body will not contain any impurities, and they will not have any diseases. Students will be able to play sports, run fast, accomplish their goals, and discover new things in life. Also, they will be more active. If you're fat then you become lazy, always not willing to work which is not good for health. You have to be productive in order to achieve your goals in life. Students will not eat junk food from the cafeteria anymore, and it would give students the opportunity to keep up with their body and be fit. Students will be healthy instead of getting sick every other day. Eating healthy is good because you learn how to maintain your health, and it helps you to eat well. Students will to eat the food that is good for their health. Eating healthy on daily basis, and going to the gym maximum twice a week can keep them in shape, and get rid of the illness. Healthier school lunch menu would benefit a lot of students, and illustrate them "To purify, and be bright". My cousin Generic_Name used to eat unhealthy all the time, even from school cafeteria as well, and always used to cry about how her stomach used to hurt. After six months she gained weight, and she was crying about it that she's never going to be fit again because she gained too much weight, but my mom told her that there's always a second chance, she was eating unhealthy, and wasn't taking care of herself so that's why she gained weight. She told Generic_Name about her healthy diet and convinced her to immediately start eating healthy, stay hydrated, do not eat junk food on daily basis, and be diligence about working towards her goal to be fit. Generic_Name listened to my mom and started eating healthy, she lost weight right after 8 months, and her stomach didn't use to hurt like it used to before all the time, that's why students need to eat healthy food from the cafeteria, and take care of their diet because they spend the majority of their time in school. It might not be the best food for the students, but it's good for their health. Junk food is not good for health. Cafeteria should have healthy lunch menu. So, students can have the opportunity to eat healthy and not face any difficulties related to their health. It's a very good idea to tell students to fix their diet, and start to become responsible for what is good for their health and immune system. Students will not gain a lot of weight if they stick to their diet and eat healthy from the cafeteria. Students will not have stomachache or any other diseases. They will be able to trust the process of eating healthy, and keep up with it. Cafeteria should only have healthy food. So, people can minimize the amount of junk food they eat on daily basis.  