10pm curfews is a bad idea, why? Because teens lives would be affected in many ways, including the fact that in can get them in much more trouble. Teens would have to adjust to this rule and some might not even know about the rule when it comes out. I think that teens should not get an early curfew but instead change it to a later time, so teens don't have to go through having to deal with changing there hole life around. Having a law like this can get teens in more trouble because now they have an extra law that can be broken easily without even knowing. Teens enjoy being out late and doing things, it can make them feel older and more grown up like. Teens are stuck in school seven hours a day, and it can take a good bit of there day away so having that option to stay out later and being able to do things is a great option for them. Lots of teens want to go shopping and hang out with friends at a mall, but school and homework can take a while, so they can't do it during the day always. For example, a friend and I wanted to go to the movies after school, but we got assigned lots of homework and we knew we would be busy the next days, so in order to be able to watch the movie, we would have to go at nighttime. Curfews can inter fear with couples who want to do something later in the night, and it would be unfair to the teens to have to go back home just because they can't stay out late. Having said all this, teens are old enough that they can make their own decisions. Lots of tees have after school jobs taking them late into the night, and a lot of them need to be able to walk home. Teens would have to start having to start to work around the new law and make changes to their work hours. Also, kids would start getting less work hours resulting in the not getting enough money, some household have teens helping pay bills. Curfews laws are and will be the most common law being broken resulting in an increase of crime. Teens do not like it when they get told how long they get to stay out, which will result in them just braking the law. I would be surprised if teens would start getting in less trouble, because teens will still do what they want even if you set a curfew. A curfew only tells a teen that your not suppose to be outside, but that still does not mean that they will do it. Teens are going to do what they want at the end of the day and not what the law tells them to. The best way to make sure teens can stay on track but the still to be a curfew is that the curfew should be moved up to 12pm. Also, teens enjoy going to gas station at night to get stuff and lots of to enjoy the walk as well. In conclusion, I think that if we just move the curfew up to 12pm it would allow teens to have a good night out without having to worry about being out too late. Also showing that kids can get in more trouble by having an early curfew just means that it's a bad idea and should not be implemented. If adults could just put more trust in teens I think it would improve kids behavior and also have kids get to prove them self to show how responsible they can be. Teens are more responsible than everyone might think, I think they just need a chance to prove it to everyone. I think earlier curfews are a bad idea and that it should just be moved up a little for that will help teens out in the long shot.