One school activity that kids enjoy are field trips because it provides them a brake from school work, and it gives them an opportunity to explore their surroundings. Teachers and students often get tired of being at one place every day. Students are also constantly working and the only break they have is lunch and electives. The teachers also get brakes, but they have their phones on them all day. Teachers and staff may feel stressed planing the trips but in the end I think they enjoy it just as much as the students. Middle school is a stressful time. Students have to complete lots of work that isn't needed. They also have packets of homework to complete, and the packets are usually due the next day. Teachers just hand out papers and papers of homework without thinking about it. Meanwhile, students are trying to study for important stuff like tests, sols or exams. I try to complete all the work I have, but it is hard when all the teachers are saying,'my work is more important.' We are constantly reviewing, working or studying, and sometimes it's just too much. This is why we want to go on field trips or go outside more often. Schools are not the funnest place to be. Many schools, like Generic_School, are extremely stuffy and dirty. Being in a building that's stuffy all day makes many people annoyed. Everyday students ask to go outside. However, the teachers and staff always say no because the administrators won't allow it. My school has an outside siting area in the middle of the school, but nobody gets to sit outside. Students often look forward to the end of the day or field trips because it gives them air and a chance to breath. Being outside or in a new location gives students the chance to get to know their surroundings. However, being controlled and forced to stay in one place makes them feel like prisoners. This is why students love field trips and new outdoor places. In conclusion, the most enjoyed activity in schools are field trips because it gives them a breather, and it gives them the opportunity to explore. Students and teachers should not have to be in a place like prison. I think there should be more field trips not just two a year.  