Energy should be conserved more because a lot of people do not use a lot of these particular items half of the time. It is better to save energy rather than waste. Like for example, we use light every day to see things around us so that we do not trip or bump into things. If not we wouldn't be able to see things near us. At times, we take advantage way too much. We're wasting a lot of light source that we hardly ever use at times. Therefor, were wasting a lot of energy that we should not be wasting. A lot of people tend to go out to places to run some errands and leave there lights on for no reason or just keep the light on for no particular reason. The best way to save energy would be to turn off the light before you go out and not just leave it on because you're just making your bills go up. When you do not even use it half of the time. It would help a lot and keep you from wasting a lot of money. Second reason, would be us not recycling things that we drink or eat. We tend to just throw it in the trash instead of the recycling bin. Even in schools they have recycling bins but us people do not pay attention to it because it is nowhere to be seen. It would be better if the recycling bin was to be seen. I feel like people would use it and recycle more. Also, will save resources that can be cleaned and used again. Rather than just using more products to make the particular object. Schools and other places should make an improvement and stop using aloof energy and resources and make it easier for the resources that are being used. Us people should recycle more and save light source and actually help the world be a better place and keep it clean and simple. If we were able to do that it would make everything else easier. Overall, schools should not be extending it for two more hours. Reasons why is because teachers tend to use a lot of paper to give students to work on. Most of the time teachers would not use front and back of the paper. They would always do work on separate pics of papers and give them to the students. To make things easier for them would be to use front and back because there not using a lot of paper. So that it can be graded on and be thrown out by the students. Students never like to keep paper with them when teachers grade them after. So a lot of paper is going to waste for no reason. Teachers should consider of teaching students with technology and doing work on there rather than using a lot of paper. Technology would help because trees would not be going to waste and harm the things around there surrounding just to make paper out of it. A lot of trees would be safe and have a lot of resources still. People should just think about the goods thing and the bad things about it. Like is it worth wasting all these resources rather than using technology. There is advantages and disadvantages of extending school for two hours. The advantage would be students being able to learn more and have more time spent with their peers and teachers. Students would have more time to do work rather than doing it at home and struggling. It is better for them not to waste time and get the help they need. But, at the same time the teacher is giving them work which is bad in the way but good also. The work that is being given to them is not bad but the resources that makes is because of how it is made. Eventually, schools should just use technology and do all the work there. Students would be able to access it easier and teachers would not have to worry about the students losing work or having problems. Students would also be more entertain because all they like to do or be on is technology, and it would help the teachers a lot. Overall this point, teachers or not just them should consider of managing the time they use on things that use a lot of energy. It would make the world a better place and healthier. Trees would not have to be cut down a lot and affecting their surroundings. Basically would not cause pollution in the air and hurt things around it like for example animals. It is important to save energy a keep the world safe. Schools should just do everything on computers and make things easier. Rather than wasting a lot of materials for no good reasons.  