Why should people make their own decisions? Each person has the right to make his/her own decisions. Each person has different ideas about what is important and what makes them feel best. Some people believe by making their own decisions. Others people believe in making your own decisions you have to have guidance that's means is not helpful for those people who want guidance because when someone help you to make your decisions for that time you can, but that person it's not helped you forever, so you have to practice making your own decision. I believe people have to make their own decisions, here are some decisions people can make, decision of marriage, moving place to place, and choosing a bad and good thing in your life. First, some people think that making your own decisions is the best way to bow hat ever you want in your life. Indeed, you can make your own decisions to do what ever you want. Peoples make decision to married. Marriage is the most important thing for many people in this world. Having marriage is help you to have a better life. Because when you have wife you know you are taking big responsibility for your self and for your family. Having family is good, but you have to work a lot to keep your family save. Having marriage is help you to make many kinds of decisions. For example, if you are alcoholest you going to make decision to quit alcohol because you have family. As you can see, this is not the only thing making your own decision can do. Also, making your own decisions helps you to move place to place. Some people they don't have confidence to make his/her decisions, because they don't believe by making their own decision. Moving place to place it's not really easy, because you have to have a plan which means decision before you start moving place to place, because you don't know what to do, so make your own decision to do what ever you want. Some people enjoy by moving place to place because moving place to place is help you find a new thing and to see how this world look like. As a person I really enjoy by traveling place to place because it's going to help you to enjoy, meet a new people, and new place it's a lots of fun. In addition, making your own decisions help you to have a confidence. However, making your own decision is definitely the best way to do what ever you want. Finally, making your own decisions is helping you to separate dad and good things in your life. In this world there is many kind of problems is going come in your way. In this condition you have to know which one is good which one is bad which means you have to make your own decision to make your life easy. Some people they don't know what to do when something happen in their life. Every time you have to have a decision and choices for every single things in your life. This is a few decisions people can make it, we can make more than this decisions. In short, making your own decisions is very helpful and best way to have easy and better life. Some people make decision of marriage. Making decision for marriage is one of the biggest decision you can do in your lifetime. Also, making your own decision is the right people got by constitution and naturally. The others' thing people can do is moving place to place and decisions of know a good and bad things. Making you own decision is helping you, your family, and other people around you. This three different this people can do by making his/her own decision. 