Have you always wondered how your parents accomplished what they have for your future, How famous people like for example singers and worldwide company's became so influential to the world? Well Thomas Jefferson once wrote "Determine never to be idle. It is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing." Now when you think about it, is it beneficial if your always doing something or do you think inactivity also serves a purpose? In my point of view I have to agree on what Thomas Jefferson has stated. You can't accomplish something without working for it and I will be listing examples on why I believe in a strong way that if you keep doing something you'll be able to accomplish what you want. My number one example is my parents, Of course its unthinkable that your parents want you to have the best future that you can get but have you ever asked on how they got to this point in life. My parents are heroes for me in a lot of ways, but the most important one is how they never stay idle. They work nonstop to make sure my future is bright. They even left their home country, so I can have a better life here, They never stayed idle even until this point, and they've gotten pretty far. Second example would be singers, In this day in age believe it or not singers have great influence in this world. That's because a lot of singers known to man never stopped singing or dancing. They always worked hard to become the number one or wanting to be someone in general that people would look up to. Like Micheal Jackson, Even when he sadly died to this day people still praise him for what he made in the pop music world. Or Snoop Dog and his ability to rap really fast which people gave him the title of rap god. There's a lot more people that have changed the world because of music, but I think they had the highest impact. Now the last example is company's and their founders per se. Car company's, or company's in general had or have someone who started it all, One big example would be Ellen Musk and his Tesla car company. After he made Tesla the best electronic car company to date he decided to keep moving forward with his plan to go all green. His made commuter vehicle and now his focusing on diesel trucks, so there can be less pollution in the air and more safety for the drives. His making a lot of impacts in the world because his not just standing around waiting for someone else do it for him. I think I've said enough and stand by my opinion that if you are doing something you will accomplish what your wanting in the future like how this other people have just like Thomas Jefferson wrote.  