The school should prove a better and healthier lunch menu. Schools cafeterias plans to change to a now school lunch menu. I think is good idea to change the lunch menu. The school menu repeats the same food every day. For example, the students are boring that school lunch menu don't change the food for a better that the students can be satisfied. First at all,some students skip classes just to go to buy good food outside the school. In addition, would be great if the department that make the menus can approve for the people who work in the cafeteria to give a good food that can help student to don't sleep during the classes and have energy when the classes start, and they can put attention. Also, changing the lunch menu the student can attend to the school every day because some students don't come to the school because they don't like the type of food that they give. In conclusion, for benefit of the student would be an excellent reason to change the school lunch menu. In the school lunch menu there are food that contain a lot of grease. For example, that type of food with grease can make the student get sicken. Moreover, the grease can be accumulated and affect the heart of some student. Also, there are more possibility the system of the stomach be affecting, the the amount of grease that is use in the food. In other hand, the grease can make the student be obese there are many cases in school there are a lot of student obese because the food that school provide contain too much grease. In conclusion, All the food that is in the school menu can cause several problems for the students. While other argue that change the lunch menu is a good idea, but there are other argue that change the lunch menu is not a good idea because there are some students that have a favorite food from the menu, and they want the menu to stay the same. Although this might be valid, there are several important ideas to considered, such as,some student pay there food, but the food is not good enough. For example,some student buy the food in here of the school because they to have energy to made all the classes. So, They don't eat at home because there are not a lot amount of time, so they decide to came to eat to the school, but there is not a good food. However, sometimes the lunch food is costly, but there are times the food is not full cook. In conclusion, the student pay the food to eat because it is important to be healthier. The school don't change the food every weak and same day they have the same food. On the other hand, there are food that are not healthier for the student to consume. At the end, to have a good care for the student there need to be a good food. Although a perfect food help student to have energy.