Success come from failure without loss enthusiasm. Success does not come as an easy as a sounds, success comes from heir work and failures. Succes is not something everyone can reach specially without fails and enthusiasm. Fail made people stay down, but people decide if they want to be down or work harder until they success. Cristiano Ronaldo is one of the best soccer plays in all the world. When he begins his soccer carrier, he was seen as a normal soccer player, he fails some many times. There were soccer games when he did not score any goals or his team loss. His enthusiasm made him work harder and harder. Hard work made him the person who he is now, he is considered by so many people the best soccer player of all the history but is wasn't easy, fails made him work harder in order to success in his carrier after 15 years he keeps working hard to be successfully in life. Enthusiam made people work harder until they reach success. Enthusiasm is the feeling that makes people go forward even they fail multiple times. When people have the type motivation fail is just a simple word because most of the people want to keep trying until they finally success in life. My mom is a good example, a few months ago she was trying to get her Driver License Permit. In order to get it she had to take a test that consist about all the rules in the road. She fails the first time, she was sad because she could not get her permit, but she had a big motivation inside her that impulsed her to go and retake the test again. She fails the test twice, she never gives up she worked hard to pass the test. Furthermore, she did not looked the test 3 or 4 times, she toked 5 times until she finally passed the test, and she got her permit, months later she goes her Driver license. Furthermore, she fails so many times, but she never gives up. When you want to success does not matter how many times you fail, you most get up work hard until you success. As you can see, success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.