A man named Albert Schweitzer once said, "Example is not the main thing in influencing others; it is the only thing". In this case setting an example by your own behavior is the best way to influence others. For example, younger people look up to those who have struggled like they have and who came from broke down homes and had succeeded throughout their way. People are also influenced by those who have been into sports and who started in the struggle just like they've had, who later became the best. Showing good actions lead people to pursuing you and your examples, which later leads them to the right path. When Albert speaks of an example influencing others many ideas come to mind, one of which was how people who grew up in broke homes and succeeded with their life have had a huge effect on the youth. These people who are known for their success have gone through struggle and hard bottom rock moments. Although throughout their journey people may have put them down, they still try their best in being a good example for others and the generation after them. People like this have gone to school and have worked hard in getting good grades to pursue what they wanted to major in. They have gone through many obstacles to do what they love and see potential in. Leaders like these have worked their best to do what they want, which leads to having an amazing job with a great career. Although many people look up to those who came from rock bottom, they also look up to those who are well known for their athleticism. As we may know football, basketball, wrestlers, soccer, etc. Are sports that are well heard of throughout different countries. These sports have not just helped people out with their physical appearances but have also helped them out mental. For example, for those who have started from not knowing the sport and who were told that they weren't good enough didn't just give up because they were told so, instead it pushed them into getting better. For those who have tried the sport know that when you join a team you later find love for the sport and want to get better. Well known players have trained and worked hard every day to be where they are today. They've taken risk and tried their best in their games or matches, they've given their all to be noticed by college coaches, or even scouts. However, both doing great in school and being a great athlete have been known for being an example in influencing others. These two however different but very similar examples both persuade others in; working hard and trying their best. They influence people that you have to never give up in what you believe in or in what you hope to pursue in life. They make you mental stronger and challenge you in becoming the person who you soon hope to be. In conclusion, setting a good example by your own behavior is the best way to influence other people.