Do we get astonished when people behaviors change over time? This makes us surprised and wonder because of their first impressions to us. I disagree that, first impressions are almost impossible to change. People changes all the time just like how the world moves every second. First impressions are possible to change. A behavior is a conduct of oneself in a particular way. A person's character is similar to how a pregnancy grows. When a woman is pregnant, you may be unable to tell but as times goes on, it is definitely going to show. People hide their true and real behaviors to get what they need or want. In today's world, struggles and difficulties are playing a very huge role in modern societies. Needs are the most crucial things in life. Some examples of needs are shelter, clothes and foods. We need all these to survive in life, and we are going to lack something necessary, desirable or useful when we have no one to provide all those needs. So a person can act in a good way when you meet them for the first time because they just want to accomplish some goals. Last time, I was watching a Ghanaian movie with my family. In the movie, a man named Mr. Bright was very poor. He couldn't cater for his wife and three daughters so, he decided to deceive every rich or wealthy woman he meets the first time. His first impressions to them was to act and brag as a wealthy man who travels to foreign countries to hoax the women and get some money to cater for his family. You see how poverty makes a person behaves? So first impressions are possible to change because some factors affect humans all the time. Sometimes relationship issues and depressions makes people behaviors change. Marriage is a union between two people in which no one can separate that. No one gets married to his or her nemesis, so bad pressures from our partners affect our characters. Depression makes people sad, causes difficulty in thinking and concentrating. Two years ago, I met a girl called Generic_Name. She was so isolated and sad. I decide to ask what was going on. Immediately I began to talk, she shouted as if I was a monster but later on I realized she was being bullied by some guys in our school. So the counselors helped her out, and we became very close friends. I realized she was very respectful, kind and good. So how we see people for the first time doesn't mean that is how they are. People change all the time. Peer pressures and bad friends make people characters change to a different level. You will meet a person who was respectful for the first time but later on, you will find the same person talking back and arguing with their teachers in a very bad way. Bad friends are the worst thing in life. They can affect your future and perspectives. A girl who was very shy to talk in my class became the most disrespectful student in our class all because she joined some five bad girls in our school and after that, she decides to live the life she wants which was very bad. Our teachers know the road to success, so they have to be respected and treated in a very nice way. No teacher wants his or her students to fail, and every teacher wants to be awarded by the good efforts of their students. First impressions are possible to change all the time." Every coin has two faces" so, we must deal with people in a very pleasant, patience and respectful way. A person may be good at the first time, but changes later whiles a person may be bad at the first time but changes later because some factors like needs, depressions and poverty are affecting them. How a person behaves the first time you meet them may change all the time. And if we understand how the world is moving every second we all going to get peace!  