I agree with Thomas Jefferson quote,"Determine never to be idle... It is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing." because yes we may always be doing something, but we never really put in mind what we really are going to do. One way to be able to accomplish things is if you have a goal set. If you set a goal that means you are going to want to achieve it. Prove others that you can do it and that nothing can stop you from doing it. Always give it your best, never think negative because if you think negative then you're never going to accomplish anything in life. Prove to yourself that you can also try new things and that can help you a lot. Always be confident in yourself no matter what. Always put in mind that you can do whatever you want to do. For example, if you have to mow the lawn, but you're in your bedroom laying down looking out the window, the lawn isn't going to mow itself because it needs someone to move it around. Trying new things doesn't hurt at least trying for quite some time, and it also benefits you because you're doing something for your own good. Never use laziness as an excuse to not do anything. If you always say I'm tired then you're never going to do anything, you're just giving up on yourself. For example, if you hate being home all day doing nothing, then go out go find what you can do because if you try new things you'll end up liking it. If you're an active person you'll accomplish way more than expected because you're going to be moving around and getting out your comfort zone. Helping others also can be a way in accomplishing more than just sitting there because you're talking to someone or showing someone how to do something. Helping the community in many ways can also be a good thing but not just for you but the community, because you're going out and helping. Doing and trying new things motivates you to keep doing more. I strongly do believe that if you're doing something that you put your mind to, then you're always going to accomplish more than expected. If you sit down and say you're going to do something you'll never do it because you're just sitting down. Your words are way different from your actions. To be able to do something you have to get up from the couch and do it without having to think so hard about it.  