Ralph Waldo once wrote,"unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow." I agree with this quote because of my experience learning another language like English it can be hard to learn English coming from a Hispanic family, and video gaming. Some may disagree with the quote because there is nothing else to learn. When I was in first grade I came to school not knowing any English. Honestly I felt isolated because the language barrier I did not know what the teacher was telling me. All I said was "Yes" and "No" that's all I knew. I think it was a few weeks later that they call my parents. They notify my parents that was not doing well in school. My mother as always told me practice makes perfect. My mother with bit of English that she knew she helped me to perfect it. Now, I could speak both languages fluently because of that effort I have more opportunities for a better job. In Christmas the year 2017, I got probably the best and worst gift of my life. It was an X box one at first felt happy because it was my second gaming console, but I did not know how to use it. It took me two weeks to understand the full operation. Then when I'm starting playing the first game that I bought was FIFA 18 by the way I did not pay for the game it was my dads credit card. After that I downloaded Fortnite it was free, so I didn't get in trouble. I found the games difficult, I started to practice a lot, then a few weeks later it became an addiction. I couldn't focus on school my grades were falling off where I had them before I got the X box one. My father told me if I did not get better grades he is forced to take away. So I started to focus on my grades, but yet still thought the gaming console. Some may disagree that what Ralph Waldo wrote. For example, if you're a teacher you probably know what to teach for the semester. The job you have does not require that much only a master degree. Or being a car washer you just clean cars. This has been all I have for this quote.  