Imagine you are going to a different country, and you do not know anything about that country or how it works, and you have only heard people talk about it or may have seen it in movies. But you know you have to go there because the education is not well-supported by the government, and the president is corrupt and does not care about its people in your country so that is your option to be something in life. It is good to hear what other people have to say even their personal opinions because you may never realize that you may be in their position in the future struggling. Knowing as a kid that you have to listen to adults, but you may think it is not necessary, I have thought the same thing before I was a teenager and before coming to the USA from Generic_City only knowing 1 word in the new language that you are going to be using the rest of your life every day. I was born in Generic_City 2006 and moved to Generic_City I grew in a town where snitching and getting into peoples life is a daily routine because people don't finish school because they are lazy and others who work to feed their family and never get an education and if you get to finish everything there aren't many job options to enforce your career or to make money for yourself, so you have to travel to the larger cities for work, and you only get paid for day not by hours unlike the US. Everybody tells you to go to the US, but everyone gives up because getting paper is super hard and stressful, the chance for you to get accepted are low, so people just stay and get a job at a small store until they die, and it is sad because they can't reach all the goals they wish they could achieve in such a developing country. Since I was 4 years old I wished to always go to the US because at that age I already knew I had no future back there, and I used to watch TV a lot and the US looked like a promising place to live at and there we're more job opportunities and I could be what I wanted that's what everybody told you back in Generic_City, and some of it was true you get more chances to be what you want and not end up as a "ago" and not be a blockhead. People used to say the language was their biggest obstacle even my mom said the same thing well I never thought I would come to the US of A guess until my mom met my stepdad who brought us here but before coming we spent a whole month and more on papers before coming to the US. It took a lot of money, work, and time which was the reason I did not want to come to the US because it frustrated me seeing my mom stressed out about some papers that we needed to come here where I now stand. Once I came to Virginia my mom, and stepdad told me to work hard because the language would be my struggle as well as his when he came to the US around 20 years ago. My first day of school I got in trouble in less than 1 hour and 27 minutes into the day, because some kids decided to bully me and thought I wouldn't say a word because I didn't know how to even say good morning in English well this all happened inside the hallway bathroom I beat them up because I totally forgot fighting was not allowed in the schools, and they said "He started it he was trying to hurt us we're just trying to use the bathroom, and he came out of nowhere" and I got in trouble I wanted to say something, but I only knew one word in English which was "hi". My school was Generic_School which I used to get taken out of my class for a teacher to teach me English she told me I was the fastest English learning student she had in her entire career as a teacher which I was already starting to speak the language 6 months into the year with no background of me speaking the language in Generic_City. I was in fourth grade by the time I could comprehend almost what everyone was telling me and all the kids became my friends even the ones who had bullied me a year ago. I had struggles with my homework a big struggle my stepdad would come from work late and stressed out, and he would not have much patience while helping me with my work and I would say I learned the language because I needed to become independent as soon as possible because it was too much stress on my back not being able to do anything on my own. Furthermore, I came to a whole different world where the school system was different even a math problem was different from what I used to learn back there I was 8 when I came. Something I really like i the fact that there is snow here in the US because there was no snow where I used to live, as well as water I noticed that there was water every day and all night here in the United States. Water is something that lots of developing countries may not have while others have it for their wet weather and jungle like land where it always rains. In the town I lived you only used to get water for 2 hours of the day and not every day.  