Elective Classes believe that classes like arts, music and drama should be elective to the students. It is not required for every student to take every class. Students should have their own rights to choose what classes they want and what they don't want. I believe that it is a waste of time to force those students to take classes they are not interested in. Instead of forcing students to take every class, it is better to give importance to that one particular class that the student is interested in. Students should have their own rights to choose what classes they want and what they don't want. Schools where they allow students to choose classes they want are likable. Students prefer to go to that school where they can choose classes as they want. They don't prefer to go to those schools where the students are forced to take every class. If students are to take every class, it might be too much for them to handle. I believe that it is a waste of time to force those students to take classes they are not interested in. It is not only a waste of time for students, but it is a waste of time for teachers who works so hard. If a person is not interested in something, you should not force them to like it. Classes like music, art and musics are extra activities. They are important for us but not that important where students have to be forced to take every class. If students are to take every class, they might lose interest in that particular class they were interested in. Instead of forcing students to take every class, it is better to give importance to that one particular class that the student is interested in. Students might like only one class and has a talent on that particular class, they should be allowed to take that particular class and does not have to take other classes. If a student does not want to participate in any particular class because of their personal reasons, schools should not force them to take those classes. It is not that classes like arts, music and drama are not important to students. They are important, and we should not neglect those classes. But the students should also not be forced to take every class. Students should have their own rights to choose what classes they want and what they don't want. If they have to take every class, it might be too much for them to handle. I believe that it is better to give importance to that one particular class that the student is interested in, than to force them to take every class. As it is a waste of time to both teacher and student