The Negative Effects Of The Technology On People's Lives. Technology helps people to preform many things hence, classes online, shop and communicate with others. I believed that technology has negative effects on people's lives because people have a limitation of a human contact due to the use of technology. Also, technology had changed our style of lives; People used to visit parks to talk with others. Families do not spend time together. Students are distracted with their cell phone at schools. Children do not read books or have fun like in the past. Now everything had changed due to this issue. One reason that technology has negative effects on people's lives is that now some stores closed because people do not shop in these stores anymore. Some people prefer to buy their materials or clothes online stores as Amazon. Amazon has a strong impact of sales in the world, Their sales are more high than any other stores. For example, I recently heard about two store named STORE_NAME and STORE_NAME. They have this issue due to the use of technology. STORE_NAME is about to close because people prefer to stay at home and buy online. These stores are on sale of everything to close right away becauseFewer people visit these stores. Their sales had exceeded on online store than in the located stores. Additionally, people who work in these stores are going to have a layoff due to this matter. Another reason that technology has negative effects on people's lives is that some places are empty namely: Parks, lakes, and malls. People decide to stay at home playing video games, and buying online. Some people think that technology is a better way to express themselves. However, there are to many ways such as painting, drawing, playing even dancing. Example I am a member of a dance class, my teacher was talking about this problem with technology. She was saying that sometimes our lives depend on a cell device, but not all the time. My point of view is that what she told me was true because I came to United Stated of America since 2016; I was not able to understand or speak to others. When I did not understand some difficult words I used Google translated, so technology helped us sometime. However, I had seen some students who used their cellphone during classes. When the teacher ask them questions related to the topic, they do not know what to answer due to the technology. In the other hand Some people will argue about technology has positive effects on our style of lives. Technology helps us to communicate with our families and friends. However, technology limited us to express our ideas with no need of a cell phone device. Also, it had destroyed our culture. It limited the growth of children because, they do not want to go outside to play with their friends. Children want to stay at home playing with their laptops. In fact this generation do not read books or magazine because of the technology. Example, My cousin is in the middle school he played Fortnite every day. He goes to sleep late, had bad grades, and he wakes up late for school. He does not read any book and neither go outside to play. Furthermore, he is always with his cell phone playing. I believe that the life is so short to waste. In the final analyses' technology will keep going to destroy our cultures. People will not go outside at all, to buy, to have fun, or to spend time with their families. My point of view is technology have a really negative effect on us because it had changed us, our world. Everything in this world is going to be different. Technology limited to develop of ideas. Technology limited our communication, our knowledge, our curiosity, and our happiness.  