One way to improve student achievement is to create a homework club. I think making a homework club is wonderful for students a homework club can help students improve their grades, have more free time, less tired from school, and grateful to turn to that and get help from teachers and students at the same time. First, of all, establishing a homework club is creative because it helps students improve their grades. Students get more work done when teachers and other students are helping them. They also, get to study more and don't have to worry about failing the test. Let's say a student is having difficulties on a question on their homework. A student can stay after school and get help with the questions they have trouble with or needs help with. Also, students have more free time after school. Students have the ability to spend time with their family and friends, and go places. A homework club sounds like a club I would join because after I come home I'd relax or go out or hangout with some friends. If I joined a club like that I'd be happy because i wouldn't be the only one who struggles on work, and we could help each other out on work we don't understand. Furthermore, A homework club helps students less tired. They don't need to worry their grades being bad because they had help from teachers and students. They get to sleep more and wake up the very next day and get ready for school. Students should have it easy because these days students go through so much in life. Just imagine what their going through right now. Next, Homework clubs and help students on many things but at least they learn something new. Everyday Students this day try and try the best they can, but they lose hope because they feel like they can't do anything. Believe every student has the courage to get something they're done just like that. Finally, I think creating a homework club is great for the students because it helps students improve their grades, give them more free time when they get home, less tired from school, and grateful that they have this club. Sincerely, Generic_Name