Imagination is important than knowledge! Imagination is more important than knowledge because you don't actually have to know something, you can use your imagination instead. You can use your imagination to solve math problems. You can use your imagination to build stuff. Furthermore, you can use your imagination to draw or design. You can use your imagination to solve math problems. When you don't know or don't understand something, sometimes you can use your imagination. You don't actually have to know anything to solve the math problem, but sometimes is best to use your imagination because you don't know what the problem is going to be about. For example, if you don't know how to do math, or you never got to go to school, you can use your imagination to solve the math problem. You can use your imagination to build stuff. If you like to build or to make stuff, you can always use your imagination. It's best to use your imagination when your building things because if you use your imagination, you can create things that nobody did before. Some of the useful things that you're building can help a lot of people. For example, you can build toys, make video games, or do anything you want to build with your imagination. You can use your imagination to draw or design. You can do a lot of great things with your imagination and not just have to know everything. Furthermore, you can do different things or different designs with your imagination. Some people use their imagination to draw things or make things. For example, you can draw pictures, make cloths, or design things that you like using your imagination. You can do many thing like designing, building, or even making things just by using your imagination and not just your knowledge. Like Scientist Albert Einstein said, "Imagination is more important than knowledge." That means that you don't actually have to know everything, some people can use their imagination to change the world and make a lot of things. You can do anything using your imagination!