I am not agreed because everybody in this world can be freedom to think or to do whatever they want because we have the independence of right. They can enthusiasm for things or won that they did. If they want to do that the rule said is they decision, or they opinion because they are freedom right, but I am disagree with thus rule for one reason, that it's. That if they don't want to failure you have to fight for yours dreams for everything that you can do it, and say thank u god for give me that opportunity and say I am sop round of me. You never give up just kept going and follow your dreams to have a good future and don't be failure and don't play with that things because you can practice once, and you can take that thing for a while of your life. I will give you one example for this thing, you see the poor people that they follow the rules just for money or do whatever things just for money is because they just wanna a good future for they kids, and they don't wanna failure they just fight for they kids to have a good education, and they hope that one they can be somebody professional like doctor and help them family to get out the situation of poor. I hope that everyone in this world can see the right things and complete and don't be afraid if you don't do anything bad why you support to be afraid you have your right laws. If you play with that thing you can fail in your life, but you can learn that way because when you have broken down, and you say I can't continue with this, is when you have to say I am stronger, the life give a season, and I learn about that. Now I see and I can be better. You can see now that you can do it. When you wish something like be professional, soccer player, but if you play with failure you can fail that's right you can not have to play with that.Also, there is going to be peoples in your way that they doesn't want that you can be happy, like a fake friend, and sometimes we were really surprised because someone's in your family are fake too, but don't pay attention to them just focus on your dreams and finish. Another example is my self because when I came in the United States, I don't even know English and i thought that will be more difficult for me, i thought that I will fail every class, but is not how was I think because I just focus on my class and I work hard every single day, and I never fail one class that's right you never have to lose the enthusiasm in your life and enjoy every single day, because the life is just one, and we have to make the most of opportunities in this life, and be happy every single day. When I came in the United States without my parents i thought that will be more difficult for me, at the beginning was so hard because I always live with them but I never give up because I know that they want a good future for me and I saw that way and now I juts want to help them because they are a good example in my life they say to me, son just fight for your dreams and don't worry about us, you know that will be ok and that's right i never lost my enthusiasm because I want to reverse the help that they give me one day. My father and my mother say, you arr the reason for work and fight so hard for you. You will have a good future don't be afraid don't loss your enthusiasm. That's right i never lost my enthusiasm because I take the example that they give me because i want to be a good example for my children's and be like my parents or better. When you have a problem to solve, and you feel that you can fail just think creatively about different ways to solve and actively work to balance your mind, health and emotions or enthusiasm. We have to develop many ways to solve the problems. Our environment it will be considered many perspectives, and how we can work to balance our mind, health and see many solutions in our life.  