Living in a place with frequently highest demand to provide my best, is one of the must important achievement. I agree with Emerson statement because with the individuality we can reach all our goals. It is too important for me to recognize that I have to get my goals with effort. Because this help to provide, work hard, competition, and become the best. Individuality is a good factor to trust in my self to be the best because help us to look for option that help our lives. Working by my self make me work hard. When a person work by his own company he tries to do a great work fixing everything it is the such as work alone, if you work alone to going to do a perfect job to impression others labors. For example, when I work without partner, I try to do a great gob to be one on the best workers. When I do my own work I feel excite cause, I could receive an award for be a good producer. Everybody wants to be awarded for their job so everybody wish a reward. But to be awarded we have to have capacity in the jobs Many people due the same thing as me cause doing my the own work provide a big result. So working by my self make an emotion to work hard and to increase the among. Consequently, to do an individual work make a good results. Doing own projects workers show more production In the factory and result good Therefore this help to get a lot resources by workers. Competiton is a ways to decrease the teamwork. Individual competition is a big example of overcome. Examples could be when a person start to work in his job and start to receive more money because the person is doing a great work, this make that others person get mad so in the factory start the competition because everyone wants to receive more money and they thick is unfair to be receiving the same among of money, so they start to argued why the manager give more money to the new guy, but the thing is that he has a good specialization in the job. Concecuently Many times the work competition provide a good production in the factory so, everyone wants to get their goals like a good amount of products also, big accomplishment occur with the worker is trying to find a new way to get more product than others. For example, when a worker finished his assignment could receive free time, this make feel angry other workers so, they are going to try to look for others forms to produce more than the winner because, they want to receive the same reward for the production. To do a good competition the work have to be alone to and with big group people. Competition is a good way for individuality work to provide an emotional affect. In many companies the owners look for a way that workers produces a lot, and they offer money or free time to the person that make more products .as result, being in a factory with many labors working separated make a big impact where everyone wants to proud the most materials. Therefore, challenge could be a good idea for separated jobs. Looking for an accomplishment to become the best. Every one in this life want to have something to be recognized in this world although, to be a successful person we have to work hard. Not matters what tell about us such as critique, bullying , etc. The only thing that is important for us who we are. So the best thing that could can happen in our life is being a place where frequently we are demand to do different things. Although with many problems we have to be patience and support all bad things. Because, if we wish to be different from the rest of persons and realize our goals. Thought must be working by our selves. Because sometimes nobody is with us to provide help. Fighting by my self I could be a big man in the society. Currently, in the world we have many competition one example can be soccer, almost the majority watch on the tv. Soccer is a game where a team have 24 for player. They have to compete who is the leader in the team. So like in the real life the leader is the person that work hard, help the other players. Otherwise, could be a leader in a company, to be the leader of a company, the leader had to compete with other person that wanted to become a big leader .Therefore, to be a person successful have to take individual decision. Being in a world where have to take decision and concern about goals is the best thing that we can have to show our capacity. Doing my own job make me put effort and dedication. Work in group is affect by bet. Being a different person than others. The person that different quality could be someone that can help. Because, this kind of person make the differences in the world trying to win in a place where the competition and the demand are in high level, so they try to have influences in the in their jobs. The individuality help a lot in the world to be a successful place. For example in the government there are many people with a big level to compete with other this, that means it i s has a great achievement in the government, so I agree with Emerson statement cause the competition provide good benefit for us and to the progress of the government, factory,countries, therefore being a part with competition make us to improve our best