Be a master in any area is something really awesome, because you already have experience, and you already know what are you doing. There is positive and negative things for being a master. In my opinion disagree with Emerson because even if you are a master in a specific area you never stop growing, everyday you learn more about your mistakes and about life and how to live a good one, also you learn something new that helps you in all types of areas that you have in your life.However, in this world there will be someone that will disagree with your opinion, because they have different type of mentality, or they think differently. If you have a goal you never need to stop growing on it, because is something that you really want for your future, and you want to do that for the rest of your life. That is why you need to choose carefully what do you want, because maybe in the future you can regret and that is a bad thing that you can erase, becasue you feel frustrate because you spend a lot of time on something that you didn't like. Being an expert in an area is something really important, the positive things for being a master is that:You domain your area and nobody needs to command you. You can do the things easily and quickly. You are an expert in what are you doing, so you are exited. Is easier to get good things, something that benefits you. You can get great jobs with a good payment. You can be also your own boss or manager. There is also negative things for being a master:There are many people that they are an expert in any marabou need to compete with your rivalrous need to try to be the bestir you have a business, and you are making some mistakes you need to fix it quickly because it can affect to your own skills. In conclusion disagree with Emerson, because you can still grow even if you are making a lot of mistakes, you can still achieve new things, you need to grow in person and in skills, always. You can stay in the position that you are right now, but you can always grow and be better every day.