Should students have partnerships with companies that interest the type of employment they want? Students think it's a great idea to go to different businesses because it will be helpful to them in the future. If a student is stuck on what he wants to do in life the businesses can help them see what they want for their future. Students should have partnerships because students can get more skills about that job, students learn more about the job their going for, and student can see if that the job they really want to be in. First, students can get more skills about there job because they are in the business hands they can go around learning on how they do everything. They also get to see how the company is run and how they handle business. Student can learn a lot we come to the business if the company shows them about it. If the company helps the students then the students are going to want to take classes about it. Their going to want to go to the Tech center about it their going to want to learn more. Second, is that they learn more about the business by going to the company. They learn how to control the mechanical stuff over at the company. They will learn about the paper work over there. Furthermore, they will even know where they want to work at over there if they learn more about it. Furthermore, they will have a fun experience about their job they most likely want to do when they get older. Furthermore, they would be even more interested to take classes at school about business and will pursue in that type of employment. Third, students can really see if they want to be in that type of business. Similar to the other two this helps them, but not only if they want to pursue in that job it's for if they really don't want the job. Also, they can find a back-up plan if that business is not the right one for them. They can go see if it's a bad business, if it helps with the future, and if it's the job they want to go after. They can't focus them to like if they didn't see it for themselves they won't do it if it's not for them, they're going to find something that they want to do not what they need to do. Students can see of they want to work there they can see the positive and the negative of the business they can't be focused, or they can't just can't be focused on that one thing. In conclusion, The students get to choose if they want to or not. They should know what they want to or figure out what they would do in the future. Students can't be focused to do mainly anything they have to find what they like for they can do it. Other people may say that they will go there and not learn anything, however if students go there for what they are a looking for they can pursue it. If students font get to choose then students wouldn't get more skill about the job, wouldn't learn as much about the job, and wouldn't even want to see the type of job. Students can see they future if they get the help they need by companies letting them learn about it will help students pursue their occupation.