Thomas Jefferson wrote,"Determine never to be idle... Its is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing". Do we accomplish more if we are always doing something, or does inactivity also serve a purpose? The way you determine to do things is pushing yourself to do it, nobody going to be there to tell you, when you have to get your stuff done. We the people shouldn't be idle at all, it would be boring, not doing anything like just relax at home, and get fat on the couch, being lazy from time, to time isn't as bad. Also, you want to have a break, so you won't stress out as much. Most people are determine to be inactivity and will get upset or, have a panic attack, health issues, It can affect your life to be honest, and it sucks! That's how life is, it gets harder, and harder, and you need to motivate yourself, makes your mind stronger. People who don't motivate themselves they got to at least try to get things done, and it never gets any easier....you just got to do it like this essay;I'm writing. An inactivity does serve a purpose based on people who don't accomplish much by being lazy and not realizing how the situation can get worse instead of getting it done on time. People got to be always doing something, and be well organized, it will also be wonderful to see people not being idle too always be doing something, so they would feel good about themselves and be like "Yes! I did it!"and that way they won't have to deal with it anymore, and move on with their day, just like anybody should. In order too always do something you should just look for something you like to do, to keep yourself busy like: playing soccer, working out, rather not doing anything, and just being on your phone on social media. In my opinion being is responsible and accomplishing is a whole relief, and taking your time getting stuff done can also help to focus. For us kids our responsibility is to get good grades in school, and graduate, be successful in life to become better than what our parents were, or be a better person by being active and helping a church out. People sometimes need emotional support because everybody is different, everybody handles their attitude, or situations differently, and they might be going through something, and it will affect their lives. Taking a position of where I stand in school is me failing tests because, I don't study, and I know, I should study but when I try too, I forget, and forget the next day, and I hate that, I know, I can pass my tests, and get better grades, if I studied this is one of my accomplishment I need to work on. Thomas Jefferson wrote that because, he wants to motivate people to accomplish more by doing things and finding a job, and work hard, by being successful. Thomas Jefferson also did some things, He wrote the Deceleration Of Independence, he is one of the Founding Fathers and accomplished being our President. There are lots of people in this world with different point of views of how they accomplish of always doing something, people try to plan out ideas to see what will work out for them, and help them think harder based on how they handle what works for them because, their is plenty of strategies in the world people can use to do something, what makes them feel more comfortable. It is very important for people to accomplish things that they need to do to get it off their hands and help each other out, if they need help, and not stress about it but, most things you can't depend on someone being their, you got to do it on your own, and if your stressing about it, you just got to relax your mind, take yoga if you have too! But than again everybody is different and at least you need to try because, if you don't do that than where do you think your set of accomplishments is going to go?.  