Do we accomplish more if we are always doing something, or does inactivity also serve a purpose? I believe that if we do more, then we get more things done. I say that because if you just do what you're going to say, rather than talking about it, you can get very far in life, and you will be successful. You know why? Because you're an action taker, and not just a dreamer, who just expects stuff without the hard work. You also get more noticed, and people will like to be around you, because you're more active, and you're more unique, than most people. My first reason is that if you just put that action into movement, then you're powerful already. No one can stop you, because your mindset is on a whole new other level. People can't ketch up to you, and people will be jealous of your success. You will have haters. Hate on you, but don't let that slow you down! Keep doing, and achieving and great things will come down to your way. For example:There is a saying that If someone is hating on you, then you're doing something great, if they're not hating on you, then you're not doing anything really. My second reason is that you're a type of person willing to do anything to achieve your goals. You will let nothing in your way. You are ready to grab life by its neck, and just yank it, because it's yours. Furthermore, you have to take over your life now. Don't wish, and wait. Start now, and don't let stuff handed to you. You have to work for it, and just love the process. Trust me you will not regret it, if you just start making good habits for yourself. For example: doing your homework, and stop procrastinating on the stuff you need to do, or want to do, doing tasks when you don't feel like it. You will be great, and you'll thank yourself in the future. My third reason, and final reason is you get more noticed, and people will like to be around you, because you're more active, and you're more unique, than most people. Ah, yes nobody likes a person that's just "normal". I find that quite lame, and boring. They would like a person that is quite different, and not the same as everybody else you know. For example: You wouldn't want to meet the same people every time now, would you? Of course not. You would want to meet different people, and find new things, and also most importantly learn new stuff by different people. You would want people with different personalities, not the same ones, as that would be boring. Furthermore, you are more active, than just sitting down. Furthermore, you are taking your chances, and not blowing it. Furthermore, you are taking advantage of life, then just wasting it. Nobody wants to hang out, or deal with someone that is just negative all day, or a loser. They would want to hang with someone that is quite active, respectful, and successful. My conclusion: Do we accomplish more if we are always doing something, or does inactivity also serve a purpose? I believe that if we do more, then we get more things done. I say that because if you just do what you're going to say, rather than talking about it, you can get very far in life, and you will be successful. You know why? Because you're an action taker, and not just a dreamer, who just expects stuff without the hard work. You also get more noticed, and people will like to be around you, because you're more active, and you're more unique than most people.