Community parks have it all open space, sun, green grass, tables and a nice setting in general. Community park provide a lot of opportunities such as spending time with friends and family, sports and exercising, and doing school assignments. These are my three reasons what you can do respectfully and peaceful at your nearest community park. I hope you find these helpful for you in the future. Spending time with friends and family at a community park is a good way of making bonds stronger with each other. Parks have a lot of activities to do in a park for example there are a lot of outside games you can play. My opinion on how parks can make your bond stronger is that you can talk to them while you walk, jog and other activities. For example Generic_Name and Generic_Name went to the park to go play checkers. They talk about grades and other subjects for one hour. Their bonds got stronger they hang out every day. Community parks have a lots space playing. Sports burns calorie's, and it is very fun to play sports. You can make new friends with sports might even get ask to play on their team. For example Generic_Name brings her new ball to her community park nearest to her. Generic_Name brings her ball to the court kids dashing as fast they can to her. A crowd of kid show up to her begging if they can play they make teams. Generic_Name makes a lot of friends and plays soccer with them every day. Parks are a good way to study and do school work because it is peaceful and natural sounds help you get relax. Imagine nice sunny day no wind hear of birds and grass bending every direction. Studying in a park will help you a lot because you are not going to get interrupted my neighbors and relatives. People from the park might help you and give you way and strategies to get a good grade on a test. For example Generic_Name want to pass his test. His sibling is loud he can't focus. Generic_Name goes to the community park to study for the big test. In conclusion parks are a good way to do every day activities than staying home being lazy. I hope this helps you with your every day situation.