I agree with Emerson's statement, about individuality because is something that you can try and be better person in the world. First thing if you do yours own thing by yourself is something like amazing for the world, because don't depend on nobody else. I think trying something to yourself is how we learn more. And is the pride of the family, and the world to see that you're trying and trying for to be something better of life. I think is not hard to try anything for to be a better person in life. I always wish better accomplish to others persons in all world. Is like an example studying gave a good benefits for to be a better person. Is something that you try for to be pride of the world. When are you going to school don't waste the time, in school. Is the pride for us school have a good future for us. When you do all things by yourself is a pride, for yourself. Graduate from school is something greatest accomplishment anybody can do it for yourself this is a pride, that everybody want to have. If we don't to try something never going to know about the things, that way we need to try to do anything. Maybe something that we don't want to try can be the greatest accomplishment that we can have. Is very important to try because we're going to know about it. It something that in the future can help and for the world and family too. Greatest accomplishment can be a little thing but, if you do by yourself is a pride for you, it doesn't matter, what type of thing it is. Family are always going to be pride of it. Opportunities for to do things always can have to yourself. Greatest Accomplishment mean that you can do it like going to university for a better life is something greatest accomplishment that can do. I'm always going to give greatest accomplishments to other persons. Because I always want to see better to others persons accomplish their dreams. Some people they don't greatest accomplishment maybe don't find somebody to wish their dreams. I think is something, like felt big person, how to make greatest accomplishment to other persons and then to see that they can do it. 