3/7/2019Cedar Walk Way, Generic_City the manager ofAmazonSchool is the place where we get opportunity to learn different things. School makes you capable to choose your own way. The main reason to go school is to make our career. Career is directly related to the employment. Everyone wants to do the best in their life. Employment is the thing that helps you to do best in your life and also helps us to understand who we are and how important we are. Nowadays, school have partnerships with companies to help students to choose their interests' employment. So, if you select me to visit and learn about the works, it will help me to understand about the interest that I have for my future. The most important things in students life are to choose their own interest, to make their future happy and peaceful, but they really don't understand where will they go because of the pressure in their mind. So, I want to be selected to visit and learn about the work. It helps me to understand about the characteristic of the different works, and also helps me to recognize my interest for my career. Employment is not the biggest thing, but the interest is the biggest things. If we have interest in something, we defiantly work hard to get that goal. For example: I had a one friend whose name is Generic_Name, she chooses to be a doctor in first, but then she realizes that she never had any interest in doctor. After that, she left her job and become a photographer because photographic is her real interest not to be a doctor. That's why, I don't want to be confused in my life. I want to be clear about my future. All the people in this world are different, they have different aim in their life. Some wants to be doctor, some wants to be an engineer, pilot,photographer, dancer,etc. In this 21st century, all the parents wants their children to be a doctor or an engineer or in the other biggest post but not all the children have same interest as their parents have. Although they have different aim or interest, they join in the work that their parents wants because they don't understand the value of their interest. So, if the school or any companies allow students to explore or visit about the works, they better understand the value of their interests and never join in any other works that they don't want to be. I have an example of my own sister: In first, she joined in the medical line because my parents wants her to be a doctor, and after she read some courses of the medicine, she realizes that her interest is not to become a doctor, and then she left her courses and start another courses. So, I really don't want that same things happened to me. Time is very important for everyone. Nobody wants to waste their time because they believe that time is money. So, why students waste their time to choose the way that they don't want to go. Everyone has rights to select their own jobs. The problem is not that they don't get opportunity to choose their jobs, the problem is that they don't understand where is their destination. For example: If you left your dog in a street that he never walked, then how can you expect that he accomplished his destination? The same happened to the students' life, if someone who is well-experienced didn't tell them about the journey of life or how to choose their interest, how can we except that they will become a successful person. Lastly, I want to say that if you select me to visit and learn about the work, then I get opportunity to learn about my interest which helps me to get a better future. And also, if you select me I will aware other people about the interest or works and also help them to choose their interest. If I understand my journey, then I expect that I will success to get my destination. So, I humbly request you that please select me to visit and learn about the work that I have interest to do. Generic_Name, 