Author Ralph Waldo Emerson wrote, "Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow." Will if you try will you be able to grow more? Does it matter what you eat? What can you do about you height? I disagree with Author Ralph Waldo Emerson because i don't think that you can make yourself taller. He says if you try to will it even work? I still think if you try it won't work because the height we have now is because our father in heaven made how we are now. First, it doesn't matter if you try or not your height and how you look it comes from your parents' genes, and it can also come from another family member. I don't think that you can do anything about your height because it depends on your family too. Even if you try you all you can do is to try to have a nice body, but about you height I don't think you could get taller than you already are. The only thing that can change is your body what I mean is if you chubby, over weight you can do excuse, so you can have your body the once wanted to have. If you really skinny you can eat a little bet more, but if you like how you are now you don't have to change anything. But like I always say "Love yourself and how you look no matter what people say, the only one who could change you is yourself." Second, I don't think you can make yourself taller because there is no way that you can become taller than you already are, and don't you think that the really short people will be taller by now then shorter. I think that they would not like to be short because in this world there is really mean people that will laugh about others, or how they look, and how short they are. So that is why I think that there is no way to make yourself taller. Don't you think that short people will be short, and be laughed at no they would not like that son that is why I disagree with Author Ralph Waldo Emerson? In the other hand, it does matter to eat healthy, so you can be in shape, and you will be in this life longer. Normally you can do anything about your height because trust me if you could, I've been taller by now. I don't like to be short because sometimes I get judged by my height, or how I look, and how chubby I am and I would like to have everything perfect like all those ladies and girls in the magazines or in the TV shows, and I would like to be 6 .3 ft tall then 5.3 ft. So yeah they are no way to change how you look, but by fixing yourself like: Appalachians, surge, and other things you understand what I mean right. So that means that I still disagree with Author Ralph Waldo Emerson because there is no way that people can make them self taller because even short people or person will be the size or shape they would like to be. This world is not that perfect because if it was everything or everyone will be how they world want to be in this world. So that is why I disagree with Author Ralph Waldo Emerson as you can see I give reasons and examples. This goes to the person that readies my story please give me a change to pass just one I have never pass an SOL before and I will be really happy if you could pass me just once in my life. On this one I have tried my perfect, so you could understand me what am I talking about. So please please please I beg you am just asking for just once; but if I don't pass thank you for taking your time on reading it; plus English is my second language and i don't understand it that much, and I can't read it that well either.  