Thomas Jefferson, writer of the Declaration of Independence and founding father of the United States, once said, "Determine never to be idle...it is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing." In Jefferson's eyes, a world spent in constant work and motion represents a more productive and accomplished world. However, there is merit in a world that does not work without break and resolves to be idle at times. A world that is always working may also be a world that is burning out, diminishing the value of building connections and reflecting. A world that is idle when it recognizes its need to be has more value than a world that is always working, as it allows time for cognitive development and reflection, mental health, and inspiration. In the body, the brain represents an entity that is constantly developing, creating new ideas, and planning for the future. If a human was always working, there would be no time to create new ideas or plan. The potential of the human brain would reduce, as the human brain would never have the time to step back and reflect on its experiences and how it wants to reflect lessons learned from those experiences in the future. For example, if Thomas Jefferson had not taken time off to create new ideas and plan for his country before writing the Declaration of Independence, the United States would be very different from the way it is today. Every idea would be thought of on the spot, and the potential ramifications and consequences of each idea would not be carefully taken into consideration. In addition, the human brain requires breaks to keep working, just as the human body needs sleep to continue on the next day in a healthy state. Time spent idle does not equal time spent wasted; time spent idle is time spent reflecting, planning, and developing. Time spent being idle carries the potential to be a valuable learning experience to the human life, as well. In colleges, the requirements for acceptance do not only include academic excellence - they also include extracurriculars and attention to when the brain needs a break. If students did not take time off to develop, their potential for achievement in life would reduce. Therefore, a world spent constantly working does not always represent a world of accomplishment. Some argue that if one is not always working, then one cannot accomplish as much as one can, as a minute spent idle could lead to a day spent idle, and so on. Contrastingly, if one is always working, then one has a much greater risk of crashing. Mental health is an essential reason as to why the world today does not and cannot constantly work as Jefferson wants it to. Many studies show that top students in classes, those who never stop working towards their goals, can have a greater risk of developing depression, anxiety, or addiction to drugs. This is because their brains cannot comprehend the constant work, and moves to other unhealthy tactics of releasing emotions. Several stories in the world detail the downfall of the most intelligent people, simply because they never took a break for themselves. Furthermore, if one's life is spent constantly working, one's brain is exposed to extreme competition and high standards. These two concepts are unhealthy for the human brain, as one may believe that they actually are not working hard enough and need to work themselves even harder, when reality shows that they already work themselves unhealthily. This concept ties in with the concept of unhealthy comparison, which further proves why mental health is one of the largest reasons as to why the world cannot constantly work. Those who always work also always compare themselves to others who are working, and often times do not take into account that what they are doing is very unhealthy. All of these concepts combined greatly heighten the chance in the deterioration of mental health. A world spent working constantly is a world exposed to bad mental health. Finally, if the world is spent constantly working, then there is no time for inspiration of any sort. If one's brain is constantly in a working state, it will never spend time appreciating the beauty of the world around it and taking in inspiration for future plans. A prime example of this concept is the work of artists. If an artist such as Vincent van Gogh or Claude Monet was constantly working, said artist would never spend time collecting inspiration, and the work of said artist would be mediocre instead of beautiful and inspiring. Inspiration flows from person to person, and if everyone was working constantly, no one would serve as a source of inspiration for others around them. Also, brainstorming represents one of the most important parts of formulating any plan for any person in any situation, and constant work does not allow time for that brainstorming and inspiration to occur. In schools, teachers emphasize the necessity of brainstorming before writing, and this concept is emphasized so much because inspiration is what leads to the development of mankind. Role models also result from the need for the world to take a break, as it allows for humans to gather inspiration from others and plan how they want to lead their lives. Thus, if the world was constantly working, there would be no inspiration. Without inspiration, the world would not be where it is today. Cognitive development and reflection, mental health, and inspiration represent three of the most essential reasons as to why the philosophy of Thomas Jefferson cannot apply to how the world works today. Constant work leads to stunted development, deteriorated mental health, and no sources for inspiration. Without time spent being idle, the inventions, buildings, ideas, movies, and other parts of the world today would have never come to fruition. A person always working does not represent a person living life to the fullest. The United States and our world today would not be the same without time spent idle,