Here's a fact why you should go to the museum, going to a museum helps you pay attention more. A museum is an enjoyable, education activity here's why I think it is, you can be with your friends, learn new things school hasn't taught you yet, you get to move around.First, you can hang out with your friends, so both of you can learn together, understand, spend together so you both can know each other better. Usually when you hang out with someone when it's not during school you can build your friendship stronger, trust each other better. You feel a lot comfortable around people when you both learn together. Bonding together with someone is really important helps you communicate to your friends, when you forget what happen the next day you could ask your friend. Secondly, you can learn new things school hasn't taught you yet, or understand things school taught you, but you forgot half of the things. You can review it again, you can also be ready when school teaches you that lesson or subject, and you would already know what happen. Study shows if you go to a museum you will likely pass that class you're struggling with. When you go to a museum, improve you listening skills and pay attention better, later on you can pass your tests and SOLS. Finally, you get to move around when you're in school your brain gets tired, so it focuses on other things when it should be paying attention, your brain pays attention when you're moving. When you're sitting down you usually think about sleeping soon, and you forget things fast when you don't pay attention and get a bad grade in that class. Or forget what to turn in, or even forget to write important things down like notes, tips, what you're going to do tomorrow in school. Moving around calms your brain down and your body too, you wouldn't feel rushed, or you wouldn't feel sleepy at all. In conclusion, this is why you should go to a museum, you can be with your friends, learn about new stuff you didn't know about, and move around. 