I agree, they should adopt the 10 P.M. weekday curfew and a midnight weekend curfew. Parents wouldn't be worrying all the time, kids would be focusing more on school, and curfew could teach kids how to be more responsible. Teenagers mostly want to go out and have fun with their friends. Teens are more outgoing when their around their friends. Teenagers might even be disrespectful to their parents if they don't let them go out. Teenagers should feel more grateful because of this curfew law. Parents are mainly worried about where their children might be because nowadays, there are so many things going on in society, and we might not even know. That's why parents would feel like it's a great idea for the city council to put this new law. When parents let their children go out with their friends they usually tell them a time they may go and a time to come back. Most of the time kids don't even listen to their parents, and they just come back at whatever time they want, but if they put this law parents wouldn't feel as worried as they usually do when they let their children go out. Kids would actually listen to what their parents are telling them and not just leave and come back at whatever time they want like if they didn't have parent's. Society now is really dangerous compared to back then because there's a lot of kidnapping, even killing teenagers. Now the fact that they brought this law parents might start to feel relived because they know that if their children are out on the streets after ten p. m. then they will get caught by the police, and they'll have to face their actions. If they put the 10 P.M. curfew law. Kids would go home early to their parents. Kids would go to sleep early. If teenagers went to sleep early they would be getting a good night sleep, and also they would probably not be falling asleep in class most of the time and actually paying attention in class. Teenagers sometimes think it's not important to learn like if it isn't important. That's why they go out with their friends and forget there's even school the next day, but they're wrong. We indeed need school to educate ourselves, and so we can be a better person in the future. There are so many things teens can avoid, so they can focus on their school and grades, but sometimes we make poor decisions by not listening to the adults. Curfew teaches teens to be more responsible. They learn how to manage time and see if they can make it on time because if they don't. They know their going to get in trouble. Teenagers shouldn't be in the streets after 10 P.M. and if they are then its probably not something good their doing. Teens could avoid getting in trouble by the cops or anything by simply going home. Sometimes teenagers like to learn the hard way instead of the easy way. If they don't listen after they've been told a million times then they have to face their consequences. Teens should look at this new law as protection from not getting hurt or anything harmful. In conclusion, If they choose the ten p. m. curfew hopefully teenagers start listening and respecting the time their parents want them home. Hopefully there's a change in teenagers learning in school, and on how responsible they are. Hopefully they know how to manage their time around their friends and not get in trouble. They should be more considerate about how much their parents worry about them every time they go out, and anywhere they are at. At the end of the day this is only doing the best to help teenagers from being in any type of trouble. 