It's working in a group better, or we get beneficial them working alone?working in group have many beneficial them working alone. In my opinion working in group is better them working alone. Because friends or partners can help us to do the work better and more simple. Also, we all can do the work faster than doing the work alone. And we don't feel the job or work hard as we usually felt doing alone. Friends or partners can help us to do the work better and more simple. And we all put our interest to do the best as we can with the work. And we try that the work look good and nice. Also, we put our effort to do the work and that the teacher see that we all work together. And we try our best to do the work the way that she or he wanted to be. And friends or partners can be good if we need to do a drawing or with the handwriting. Also, if your partners help you with the work the teacher is going to sacrifice with the work that all of you are doing. We all do the work faster than doing the work alone. Because we try that everyone have one part of the work. And that way we can finish the work fast. Also, everyone participates in the work. And we all have some part of the credit. Also, we try to do the work fast, but also we try that the work look good. And we no just do the work fast because we want to finish quick and them do nothing. Sometime it because the teacher a specific time to finish and with a group we can finish on time and also the work can look good too. We don't feel the job or work hard as we usually felt doing the work alone. We don't feel the work hard because we separate the work in parts. And if there is 4 in a group we all 4 do a list one part of the work. Also in a group there is always one or two people that know how to draw, have a good handwriting, or know how to decorate, and one that is looking the thing we need in internet for the work. Also, we divide the part to every person, and we all are attendant that the work do okay. The job is easier to do if their if more than one doing the same work. In my final opinion I think that work in group it better them working alone. Because working in groups have many beneficial that we can use wisely. But if you are working in ground and the group is doing nothing if better for you working alone in that situation. Because you have to intelligent and organize first and everyone knows what they have to do we all can get a good grade in the work. Some of the benefits that we can get working in groups are. Work with friends or partners can help us to do the work better and more simple. Also, we can do the work faster than doing the work alone. And final we don't feel the job or work hard s we usually felt doing alone. Also working in groups it helps to the development. For me, it's better working in a group have many beneficial and is very helpful to do the work good and nice foe the teacher can be proud of the group work. And also is mire fun to be in a group with your fiends and all of you get a good grade. 