I think students can benefit if they are able to attend classes from home, even know the distance but learning as an option for students who want to finish a career or have a good job. Take those classes online or videos conferencing is not the same thing as to be able to go to classes. In class students can ask about any question they have or get the information they are looking for, and the schools' teacher can see how they are learning but, online they don't have much action like read a book or be able to ask any question they have to anybody. Attend to classes is great is an action from student to choose but is the smart action for student who know what they want to do in they future. Schools is a place where students have the position by you're own. There is where students can start making options and try to finish what they really dream. Be able to attend classes from home is hard thing to discuss but when students are able to go there is great because is where they have to be and never give up during that time. School is not a principle to starts getting information about how thing are working, or what options we can choose for be a professional after schools. Prevent action in schools is preposterous because that is not during, good actions during school. Students who really have the decision to go to schools even know the distance, but they are benefit. That is an action, but when they get there is a lot of information and option they can listed from teachers and other students. When they go to schools they are giving a step more every day, to them life, and they are benefit in school for the a lot of option they can have in schools. Schools is a benefit for all young people to learn how start life, when you get out from schools and have a good job. for having the opportunity, students need finish school first. Not matter the distance or the skills they have during that period time. After that they will see how everything is change to be better in they way. For some students is hard to make that decision. But when they have the action, and they can do it is a good thing because they can learn more about and have more opportunities when they graduate from schools that have good jobs and more action to choose. Some students think is preposterous to make decision in schools, because is a lot of action they can choose, and a lot thing they want to be, but they only have some actions. For some of then is hinder to go and pick that opportunities. Instance when students live far for schools is hard to get there they need like a car to get there, but parents are always insist to students to go to schools not matter how hard is all they want is a good future for they children's. School is a personality decision in life, outsmart decision for people who are looking for good action in life. Nevertheless who finish school have more action the people who don't finish. During school students need have to be inmate because schools is a hard time. For students in schools is like stairway, because they walk around getting information, that is a good action for teachers, to stall information and try to separate students to then life. One way to be a perfectionist is graduate from schools. Fanally when students finish schools they did a good job, and they have more option to choose. More of they have good jobs or go to college and finish a career, and they know how follow the dreams, because when they are in schools there was a lot of skills and the crusts those over and over that was like the first hard thing they start with, that was a lot of bad action they can choose, but they don't choose any of those. Finally finish with right thing, Now is fancy work and a lot action to choose in life.  