Most employers are looking for specific characteristics in a potential employee. The employers look for people's responsible, and make a good job. Most time the employee do not have experience, and many times the employers look those. Many people look for a job without have experience for a better life, and learning new stuff. In lots places taking decision for giving job for people's do not have experience. First, most of the people do not have to study by cause not working, by do not have experience, and do not can pay the study. The employers can give news opportunities of working for people's have a better life, and future. Anyhow, the employee doing a hard-working, and the employers be glad. When the employee doing a hard-working is for news opportunities. Second, nevertheless when you are responsible may-be your employers giving a raise. To be a good employee help always for letter of recommend about your ability. Also, more people have the requisite by working; although needing experience but can learn. A job can teach the people's a lot of things. For example, responsibility, respect, and more manners. The manners are very important in your potential, and your characteristics is important too, because the employers evaluate this. Some may say, which people's do not have experience can not work, because thinking these persons have a bad conduct. Most employers think which the employee do not follow the rules, and doing a bad job. When the employers misjudge a people's because not have experience this remove the opportunities; but the reality is everyone learning, and have the privilege of working. The people want learning about the job for more experience, and a better future. In conclusion, many people need a opportunity, and show off the potential. I am a good candidate for working, because I have manners and learning fast. The reality is which work help me for my future, and giving more experience. In fact all words need the opportunities for working, and general a good future. 