Is it a good idea for a young student to commit to a career in high school? It's a great idea, so students can work on there career, and not need to focus on what they don't need in high school, to work towards their career. Reasons I agree are, they may want to follow their parents choice in career, can use school courses to excel in career choice, and why it's a good idea to start a young age. They can follow their parents choice in career. That can be an easy choice for many people, because the student can ask for advice from their parents. They can ask their parents what courses' they took as a young student as they once were. The reader may be asking "what if their parents' didn't go to high school?" that can be true and what if they career the parents' have isn't for the student to follow. Then they don't have to follow their parent career, and they can choose their own career, or any close family members, or anyone they look up to, and would like to be as close as possible as them when their older. You can always just follow your own career and can start a generation for your family to follow your example. If the parent choice didn't work they can choose what classes they can take to help them reach the career the student wants. Schools are all different so not all of them will have the same courses. Example if you want to be a chef and some sort of cook, you can take a cooking courses for the year. The teacher can show you how to prepare a dish and how to present. There are so many choices in career's you can pick from. If you want to be an engineer you have to take your four main classes Math, Science,History, English. These classes will help you in the long run through high school years. The more experience you get from these courses will give you in vantage to the other student that choice your career later in their high school years.Finally, the last reason, why it's a good idea to start early. It's pretty simple that you don't have to worry about what your career is going to be. It can be a lot easier if you know what you want to be, you can already plan the courses you would like to take. When people ask you "what are you going to do when you're done with school?" you would say "it's none of your business will see in the years to come!". You shouldn't say that it's just rude to say. When someone does say that you would have an answer, and you should say it proudly. You would just focus on what you need to do. Don't let anyone distract you on what you want to do. Conclusion on why it's a good ideal for students' to have a career choice in their younger age. Following parents or close family member to the career they choose. If their career choice isn't for you, make a career you can follow and want to follow. Taking courses in school that can help you excel in career that you picked for yourself. When asked that question on what you're going to be, you'll be ready answer it.