Why I disagree that first impression are almost likely to never change overtime? Well, In this world many people have experience bad, nice,and fake first impressions. Why because people have a bad feeling about you, you are not aware of what is happening in their heads, and maybe they just want to take advantages of your personality or who you are. One, First Impressions that I deal with every day is give nice impressions with my friends. However, the person need to be interest on the topic you're talking about or just be goofy. People sometimes come up to you and smile and said hi or was sup because they know you're alone. If you want to make new friends or have the respect that you want you only got to show them your nice impression. For Example: In the movie Everything, Everything the girl couldn't go outside because she could get sick, but the new neighbor his name is Generic_Name, and he decided to smile and said hi through the window. She smiles back to him, and then she went to bed. Two, I have experience bad impressions about people being rude for no reason. They bring a side of me that when they said bad stuff they think that I am going to stay quiet. I just give them the same energy back because nobody deserved to be treated on a bad way when you're trying to just said Hi or want a new friend. If you're in pain or suffering don't take out your anger on others cause for a first impression you're going to be looking like a bad guy. For Example: If a Hispanic kid decide to ask a person for the classroom number and that person start to laugh in his face the Hispanic kid going to feel oppress and feel bad. People don't realize that by first impressions you could win the whole world, but no people like to be hard and act childish. Three, Fake Impressions make the person to take advantage of your opportunities and your personality. The person wants attention all the time but then start talking mess up things about you. I have experience people making fake impressions when they said Hi they look at you a certain way that you know is wrong. Fake Impression led you to think that the other person is talking behind your back. The person pretends to like you, but in particular the person don't care about your feelings or the friendship. For Example: My Ex BFF a year before we stop talking we meet and is fun, but until I left to VA she decides to not care for me, text me, or call me. That hurt me so much that months past by and you even feel better without that friend because since the begging she was giving me fake impressions and I didn't catch on. In conclusion, Sometimes you need to calm down before to start speaking to a person. Be nice and never let negative thoughts on your mind that are going to make you look bad. Let people talk to you first and then think about their first impression. I have been nice, but sometimes I have to get mad with people because they don't even know you and start calling you names but is not worth it to think about that cause that said a lot about their first impressions. First Impressions will never change cause once you speak whatever come out your mouth is gonna stick to that person forever. You know that you when accomplish somebody smile or laugh that's everything to them is important that is their first reaction and by First Impression you can win the world by been nice all the time and make new friends or win the respect that you deserve or them.