Students should not be aloud to graduate with the three-year program because the student my have a job, focus on their academics, be involved in a extracurricular activities after school. Students may have or need a job for many such ass, being able to sport there family, so they are not always going to be available after school to attend those classes required to graduate in 3 years. Students my also need to save up for a higher education if they plane on attending a 4-year university or even attending a community college. Students also need some time of work expires, so they need that job, so they are able to put on their resume that they have some form of work expires so if they decide that right after high school they want to just jump in into the work force they have some type of work expires. Another reason why students should not be allowed to do the 3-year program is because It's going to be stressful trying to put a 4-year education in 3 years. Some students take advance courses that are more changing, and give out more homework than regular classes. Some students are not going to be available after school because they may have to stay after school to retake important quizzes or test that are going to affect a big part of their grade. A student may have to go home and work on big projects or homework so there ability to stay after school is going to be limited due to the fact that they have homework to do and other assignment. One other major reason is that the student with be involved in extracurricular activity such ass sports some sports can be year around sports so even is not there season they still have to condition and train for the upcoming season, so they are most likely going to have to stay after school hours to do those things. Another reason is that they might be involved in clubs, so they also have to stay after school and also have to do some type of volunteering in the community so that's going to take away time, so they may not be away available to attend to all the required classes to be able to graduate using the 3-year program. Another reason is that they might have tutoring either at home or in school, so they are able to get help on homework and other material that they need help with projects and stuff like that. My conclusion is that no students should not be aloud to graduate early using the 3-year program, became is going to add on to things that the students already have going on in their lives so I believe student should just graduate with there class and take there time and graduate high school in 4 years.  