Have you ever felt that the weekend isn't enough? That you might want to do some kind of activities during weekend, but the time wasn't enough. I bet that you did it, and I'm going show you my point of view of why we should keep having a normal school week of five days instead of a four-day school week. Although some say that my school should adopt a four-day school week by adding two hours each day. Actually, my school should not adopt that kind schedule, because the standard week with eight hours each day increases the productive time, and the standard week allows student to do other activities after school, such as: work, to do homework, sports or even spend more time with family and friends. Those who believe that the school should change their schedule from standard five-day work week to a different schedule model that consists of ten hours per day have their reasons. They think that weekends aren't enough, and they really need and extra day off to cover their needs. They also think that two extra hours each day are not a big sacrifice, knowing that they are going to have an extended weekend and making the same amount of hours which means the same paycheck amount, and they might have time. One reason why the school should not change their schedule of five-day school week to four-day school week is because, the standard week of five days increases the productive time of each student. In this case students might feel tired of being ten hours in school, and at the end during the last period of class they wouldn't pay attention to the class, because they would feel to tired of had spent almost half-day in school. As example of this is myself. If my school adopt this new policy, I wouldn't be able to keep my grades high and I wouldn't pay attention to the last period of class, because by that time I would be tired and bored with have stayed that long and having classes the all day. Therefore, the schedule of five-day school week should not be changed. Another reason why my school should keep its schedule of five-day school week is that, the standard week of five days gives the opportunity to do activities after school, such as: work, homework, sports or spend more time with our families. A perfect example of this is my friend, PROPER_NAME. PROPER_NAME goes to school, but he lives alone. So, he pays rent, his cell-phone payment and food. Then, he really needs to work after school to pay himself. If our school changes the schedule of five-day school week that each day is formed for eight hours, instead having a four-day school week of ten hours per day, but having an extra day off. PROPER_NAME would be involved on a problem, because he wouldn't be able to have a job after school. Therefore, my school should not change its schedule of having five days of school. Based on the reason that I gave, it's clearly to see that having four-day school week offers good benefits that the regular standard weed of five-day does not give, but I strongly believe that the five-day school week is way better than the four-day school week. Although some say that my school should adopt a new kind of schedule that some businesses are implementing called four-day work week that consists of extending the school day two hours. Actually, my school should not adopt this new idea, because the standard week formed by five day of eight hours increases the productive time, and it allows student to do different kind of activities like have a job, homework, play sports or even share time with family. Therefore, four-day school week should not be accepted in my school. 