First impressions are always something that I pay attention to when meeting a person for the first time. I will always agree that first impressions are almost impossible to change. Why? Imagine meeting a person and the only thing you think about when they cross your mind is the way they first greet you or the way that they introduced themselves to you. For instance, in my opinion, I feel that people will always put on a different character for their "first impression". For example, calling a job for an interview is something you'd want to change your normal character into a more formal and nice responsible person. You can never change your very first thought of someone, it may change later but not the first second of your conversation. Another example could be is getting someone introduced to you from a friend. On the other hand, there's always an "I wonder" question in my mind about everyone, because it's totally normal. When meeting someone new there is many of ways people act towards you. They may act shy and make you feel awkward, or they may act friendly and make you feel welcome. So, with that saying, you can never change the way you first think of someone, first impressions will always be a permanent statement that your brain can't erase. Accordingly, if you do have the abilities, you can always tell what type of person they are. With just one impression someone can teach you about themselves a bit, there's no doubt in that. It's fun of how our brains permanently label people from our first impression until it is changed to something else. For example, imagine seeing some person that is always quiet, always seems like their mad or doesn't want to be at the function. What first impression would you get from that person? I would honestly not even bother to talk to them, they could say anything mean to me, But with first impressions changing overtime, you never know once that person starts talking they won't stop smiling or talking. You never know truly about something until you experiment it. In conclusion, the first day of school where you have to introduce yourself, or being at public place and someone asks you for something nicely, what do you think about that person? From first impressions, after seeing that person for the second time you would always go back and think about how the first time went. While getting to know them that same thought changes about them because now you truly know who they are. The first times will always be different from the regular times. I will always agree that it is impossible for first impressions to change because of our natural human traits.  