Do you think that all students have the capacity to commit to a career at a young age? In this paper I will argue about how students do not have the ability to commit to a career at a young age. Students shouldn't commit to a career, because they can change their mind, they are not good at only one thing, or they don't want to do anything. A lot of people I know keep changing their mind, they are not ready to keep doing only one thing for the rest of their lives. My sister is an example: She is now almost about to finish her career, but she wants to leave it because now she is interested in another thing. When she was in high school the career that she is in right now wasn't something that she wanted because she didn't like it, she does now, but she wants to do other things. For some people is not easy to stick with something, because they will keep changing their mind. Since I was young I wanted to do a lot of things in life. I can't commit to only one career because there are so many things that I want to do and like to do, for example: When I was 6 years old I liked playing the guitar, I still like to play the guitar, but it is no something I want to as a career. At 3 years old I loved to dance, it is something that I will always like to do, but that is not something that I see myself doing for the rest of my life. And when I was 10 years old I started to draw, I started by drawing animals or any cartoon character, but now I draw whatever comes to my mind, however, it is not something I want to keep doing. Since there is not only one thing I like to do I can't commit to only one thing in life and If I do commit, later in life I will probably regret doing it. There are many students at my age that really don't want to do anything with their life, or they don't have the ability do it. Some drop out of school because it is no something they are interested, and probably it's something they are not good at and give up. Most of them just want to stay home and do nothing. They stay at their parents house, which is not bad, but they stay there and do not look for any job. Some look for jobs, but it is not something they like, it is something that is easy and can get them money to survive. Some say that all students can commit to a career, but they are wrong because not all students have the same mind sets as other students. At a young age not all students can do a career. In the future most of the students won't want to stick to only one career because they wouldn't only like one thing, so they should decide when they are ready and really know that the career that they are choosing will be the one that won't get tired of doing it. 