Do you feel confident comes from achievement or for praise? People are concern about the students must be self-confident in order to learn and other thinks that self-esteem come after you achieve something. People might think a lot of things, but this is my opinion; to achieve something you have to be full of self-confident. Some examples could be people have to have self-esteem in order to work hard and learn new things every day or once in a while, people have to be confident and positive in order to get something done, and confident is feeling sure about what you are about to do. Succeeding in something is a great achievement but if there is no confident how can you be sure what you. First, people have to have self-esteem in order to work hard and learn new things every day or once in a while. For instance, there are some jobs like a doctor they never stop learning new things because at some moment a new disease will appear, and new medicine will develop. Learning a new language, being someone who knows Spanish and want to learn English is pretty hard. Why? Some words might mean the same as the do in English but all of them do. One word in English might mean five different words in Spanish and some words aren't even similar. You will never gonna to achieve to learn the whole language no even the native can, but you will build a confident inside yourself knowing that you will never go to be done with it, but you will be learning everyday new words. Secondly, you have to be confident and positive in order to get something done. For example, anger doesn't let someone concentrate, and it leads to chaos. When the final days of school comes and the exams and SOL arrive slowly, and you are feeling unprepared for it. The confident that you put yourself every day to come to school even if you feel bad is the one who will keep all your information, and it will help you in your nightmares that is those big tests. If you study for a long time then when the time arrives, you will feel ready to pass it. Thirdly, confident is feeling sure about what you are about to do. When trying to find a new job at any place, but you don't know how is going to be like or how they are going to receive you. You have to be sure about yourself and letting your confident falls over your fears because with fear nothing is possible. Because you won't have any clue about what is going to happen in that first meeting and those people who will hire you have to feel like you are really to do the job. They won't choose you if they feel you are not really and no have confident to do well the job.However, other people think that self-esteem come from achievement. To begin with by achieving something, you are getting what you fought for and self-confident come as the result. For example, achieving something is no that easy. You have to make a mix of all the things you have to include to get it. When you are at school, it is so easy for old people to think that students just have the obligation of going to school and nothing more at all. Studying it's not just passing classes, but it's about learning things for the next day. SOL is a good example of it; teachers prepared us for about eight months to pass a test that is no that long, the problem is that it's not just one SOL but many of it no including the exams. The satisfaction of telling yourself that it is over and summer is coming, there are no more worries about next day because you have fought for eight months to pass it. When you pass something, you achieve it somehow. But what if the SOL is failed twice won't that prejudice your next year. Secondly, after achieving something, usually that person feels joyous for the reality that it's over. For example, if you study so hard for the driving test the night before and feel like you know you are going pass it. That's happiness in yourself but what is your fail, all the effort for the last night is not over yet because you have to do it again until you pass it. Let's pretend that you pass it in the first try, well, you achieved it, and you are happy because it's over, and now you are getting closer to get a car and drive by your own. Your confidence will grow high because if you did it at a first try then you can do anything that you feel afraid of. Lastly, a positive person is someone who is full of joy and feels confident for what it wants, and it's there to fight until it's achieve it. For instance, in all the world there are always different kinds of people: positive and negative. Learning a new job it's so frustrate because at the beginning you won't have any idea on what you are doing. Positive people always think that everything will go right, and they tell themselves that they will end up knowing this job like their own hands. Why? Because they have confidence that they can do anything if they fight for it. Nobody was born with the intelligent to get something form the beginning. When you are learning to walk for the first time, you fall and fall until your knees get red and even end up with blood but after all that effort comes to realize that now you don't depend on them to get something because now you can do it by your own. Believing in yourself is feeling confident. However, I still believe that confident have to come before the achievement because confident is courage that every person put itself into his or her heart to full-fill the fear. As previously stated, things cannot be achieved if there is no confident on it. People need self-esteem in order to function at work and keep learning, the confident and positively that is in every person will make possible for them to get things done, and confident is a feeling of courage that makes the fear goes away. My solution is to have confident in yourself. Make the confident to cover your fear and be sure what you are doing. If something is achieved then the fear will go away and the confident will stay forever. Hope you enjoy this, and it will be helpful for your day. Thank you!!