"Failure is not the worst thing, not to try is the worst thing in the world." To become successful, people must try. They should not give up. If people fail and grow up without losing hope, they can be successful in their future. Although some people thought failure is not good for their life, nevertheless, some were thought failure plays an important role in their life, because, it makes them to learn more about themselves and become successful in their life. Failure can make people to learn more about their self. Because after failing, people can know themselves better than before. They can know about their strength and weakness. For example, Generic_Name told her friend that she is good at Science and English. But she said she is not good at math. For that, she doesn't like to do math at home or do it by herself. She always copied from board in classroom. Because she never tries to do it. Suddenly, one day in her math class, she was called by her teacher to solve a math in board. First she was saying that she doesn't know how to do it. Fortunately after looking at the question, she did it. And then after this, she got to realize that she know how to solve the equation problem. Which makes her feel confident about math and herself. While she was talking, one of her friend interrupted her. And said that, he was satisfied with her math. Unfortunately, she failed one of her test, which makes her feel bad. After test correction, she got to understand what she missed. So she prepared herself for retake, and she took the test second time, and then she pass the test on second time with a good grade. Some people who fail on first time can also prepare themselves for next time. Which can take them one step ahead of their goal. Furthermore, failure can make people successful in their life. To become successful people have to have positive enthusiasm. For example, Generic_Name is senior of Generic_School. In order to graduate she needs to pass her English SOL. Because when she was a junior, she didn't pass her English 11 SOL. But this time she tried her best with positive energy, and she didn't give up. As a result, she pass her English SOL this time. Some people also cannot reach their goal in first time. But that doesn't mean, they never can be successful. To reach a goal, people need to pass the small steps first. If they fail, they can try their best for second time. And always there is a second option for every problem. For to become success, people need to learn from failure, and they have to try again and again. And then they can become successful on their life. Overall, without loss of enthusiasm people can reach their goal by failure. People can successfully reach in their goal if they learn from failure. From failure people can learn more about themselves. And people have to have positive energy and hope to handle any situation. Because failure is an important role that plays in the pursuit of success.