introduction people who value selft-reliance should seek guidance from experts and authorities, instead of taking their own decision about life's important matters. When we say experts we are talking about people that know a lot more about the topic than us. We can compare this an teacher and student. The teachers they have graduated from what they know lets say science class. They have to do a lot to become a teacher in that career. This is why I say that if we value self-reliance we need help from experts. That way we can success in life. However, there is some decision that we can take by ourselves. For example, we can choose if we want to drink alcohol, and smoke. For that type of decision we just have to think about who we are hurting too, and as we know it is ourselves and nobody else. If we don't take about ourselves and the decision that we make nobody will. Reason 1In my opinion self-reliance is really important in every single person life. When we talk about Self-reliance is about decision. There are times that we think we are right in every decision that we make. However, we have to know that no one is perfect as a human. So, there are times where we make bad choices. One good example could be when we are teenagers. At that age is when we need more help than anything because there is a lot of things that can influence us really easy. At that time is when we need help from experts and what better experts than our parents. They want the best for us, so they will teach us what could be the best and what have to really matter is this life because they love us. I'm not talking and general because there are some parents that don't really care about what his son or her daughter are doing, but some of them do. Also, we can look for another type of experts who can be professional and have a diploma in what they are experts in. So, it can be really helpful for us to succeed because they have been studying for years their career. Also, it can help us to make better decision brought life and make us a better person. Reason 2Bad decision can hurt ourselves. Decison is something that we all have to make one day. It could be good or bad decision or sometimes there are some decision that look good, but it could take us to do something bad. However, the rare decision that CNA hurt ourselves and can take us to do something stupid in life. For example, a person want to nicest money to create a restaurant. At first, it sounds good because what we all think is that we only win in this type of business, but the reality is that it could be like a challenge for the person. Some people don't take some time to think about the consequences of creating a restaurant. They don't think about the things that they have to pay out from the money that they are making of the restaurant. They don't think about that they can lose all their money if the restaurant doesn't work. When it happens that people lose all their money they can get depress, and some of them have even taken their life. So, here is when we need the help from experts and not take the decision of creating the restaurant by ourselves. Those people that we call experts know a lot more than us because they have graduated from it. They know everything about business and what could be best for us. So, we can success in business life and don't lose money.counterclaim. Someone would argue that making decision by ourselves is better because that way we won't have to blame on anybody if we make bad decision. Also, we can learn how to be responsible in the decision that we make. However, we don't need to wait until that happen better look for experts, so they can help us to make good decision and not bad decision two heads are better ten one.conclusion In conclusion the help from experts is the best way to do the things. They can teach us how to be better and that's why they have been created in this world to look for them and ask for help. Sometimes we need to accept that we can do it by ourselves and the we need help from experts or our parents. We have to look for different sources to success in life. In some points we have to be strong but to take any decision we need to be social, what I mean by it is to ask for help and make good decision.