Albert Einsteins said" I am afraid that one day the technology outdo the human brain." He was afraid that one day the technology controls humanity. In my opinion, the technology had negative effects on people's lives, because the technology had been corrupt the mind, also expose the life of people. In the actuality the people act like robots. Most of the time, they do not think by them self. In addition, the interaction between family and friends is being losing a cause of social media or videos games.However, many people think the opposite, they think live before without technology the people was illiterate, and they think the technology is progress for the world. The technology brought a lot of invents like explore the human body, talk with the people that is not near to, or maintain informed what happens in another place, Even still the technology is giving us a lot of sources like buy things without leave the house, but the technology is had been negative effects on people's live because nowadays, many people, most kids and teenagers they do not think by them self. One of many example of that is when you ask a girl or a boy about something really important how it is, if the water has energy? Most of the teenagers is going to answer yes, and I know this because in my science class the teacher asked this question, and everyone in the classroom answers yes, but the teacher said the water does not have energy, and she explains why, but no one has convinced and what she told, so they look in Google, and they arrived the conclusion what the teacher say was correct. The point with this example is to see nowadays the people believe more and what Google or other things what form part of the technology say. If the people need a solution to solve any problem, they actually do not think about it. They go to the internet and look for solution. Another negative effect of the technology in the daily life is the interaction. I am going to expose my family and friends. When I spend time with my family and friend, they always happen in their cellphones, they do not pay attention around of their behavior. They lose the notion of their time and everything a cause of the social media even my brother he does not want to go out and play soccer or to walk, because he is more interesting to play videos games or watch videos. In actuality a cellphone is indispensable to live. To do moments that suppose there are good moments, or that is the people believe, but they forget the feeling to talk, to joke without check their cellphone every two minutes. We're slowly losing our feelings, our taste for life, our friends, our family, and even our jobs. In addition, the technology expose our private life. Example is for every transition you do, you need to give your personal information. The social media is turn in our worst enemy because across of the internet many people has been bullied for the videos or picture that they shared until to lead the people to suicide.in conclusion the technology is our worst tool to improve ourselves. The time of Elbert Einsteins was afraid is coming soon. The technology is opaquing our intellect. The technology is turn into robots without the capacity to think by ourselves. Thanks to the technology the humanity is turn in unselfish, unsuccessful, and unsure of themselves. The effects of the technology cause ours children, teenagers are negative, and we only watch how the future of the world is going down. 