ControlWhat you do in your life is your choice, you could choose to become a doctor, a teacher or an artist. Having a good mindset and working hard shows good character. "Your character will be what you yourself choose to make it" said John Lubbock, therefore you control what you do, who you hang out with, but sometimes the environment around will say otherwiseEveryone has a voice one way or the other and is able to control what they do. Scientist have done test and have seen that 50% of teens smoke because their friends smoke, so they can fit in. Teens are able to say no, but they choose they wrong road. If you choose to hang out with people that aren't good for your health and mindset then they aren't people to stick around with. Looking after yourself is better than winding up somewhere you shouldn't be with the people you shouldn't be with. It has been proven that mom's all around the world are able to point out who's a true friend that cares for you and who isn't. You have control on what do you or even think. Teen at Generic_School choose to skip class all the time, knowing they'll end up in trouble says Generic_Name in her article. Teens knowing this still chooses to skip. They lose that control of thinking for themselves. Every time a teen even thinks about skipping its bad character. Being mature and well-behaved at school is good character. Every teen has control of what they do at school. Others may say that the surrounding environment is what you show in yourself. According to Generic_Name article teens living in bad conditions can create bad characters when they grow up. Teens living in places that are broken down that aren't healthy living condition often end up in gangs and dropping out of school. Either then teens living in good home conditions they end up going to collage and having a good life. Teens everywhere can decade on what they do with their lives no matter where you live you can overcome it and be someone great in life. People are able to choose what they do in life, what they think and who to surround them self with. " Your character will be what you yourself choose to make it'. Wherever you come from you choose yourself to have a good character or not. Teens are able to say no to bad things that want to come into their lives and everyone kids, adults and teens have their voice and mind to say no and be a good person. 