Prompting my opinion, prompt is a something positive attitude in our life, and I agree with that because we have to learn how to be prompt. Next, a positive attitude is the key to success in life because we can go far with that, for example: In my future I can get my goals and get everything in my life, that is, a car, a big house, and things like that. Then, I agree with the positive attitude, that is something important to do and to have a better life. Also, my idea is, if we are positive in our life, we can get a lot of success with our goals. I can follow these list to see what I can do to a positive attitude. Do something interestingSearch something Newark with a trust Friendster that, some people disagree to a positive life because I think they don't have something in their life, like a good future. Something interesting, a prompt help us to do everything fast but is not good, because can happen something bad. A positive attitude is the key to success in life because that's something important we have to do, if you don't do something good we don't have a better life, we stay in the same way, for instance, each day we have to know new things, for this reason an agree with that. I believe in success in life because I can get a lot of opportunities. In my opinion to have a positive life, we can relax, read books, listen to music, go out to walk or talk with some good person, these can help us to forget the problems or something bad in our life. Be positive is something can help you to do what you want in your life, and other people to be positive. Later on, my mom said, I have to be always positive and try anything new, I think that is true because sometimes when I can't do something, I try to do it like 3 times, after three times I can to everything to myself, so that's a good idea to try every thing what we can't do. A prompt is something what can we do fast and done quickly. Prompt can help us to get everything done early but sometimes can happen something bad, so have to always care and think what we're going to do first. In conclusion prompt, I agree with that statement because I like to get everything done and get something better.