I agree sometimes the truth hurts, but I mean they were being honesty with you. Sometimes u don't have to be honest with them, but it's sometimes good tell them what they're doing wrong. If u be honest with one and each other they would be honest with you and you guys will have better friendship with each other. It's good to be honest with your parents because if you're in trouble they can help you solve the help if something is happening in school. If you're not honest with people they won't trust you ever again they will think that you are a person that lies. I think about it if you did something bad and don't be honest you will get bought for what you did, and it would go how you want it to, so it batter if you be honest and truthful but things because if your not it won't go your way. But sometimes being honest with people hurts, and some people don't want to hurt them, but you just have to because if you don't, they will get there hopes up and when your honest with them there going to say thank you and that's when they are going to think to them self and say this is what I should have done from the bringing and these are the people I want in my life. So some time you just got to be honest with them, and they want you in there if it's okay because at lest they were being honest with, and you just move on in life. Honesty is good sometimes I agree but then disagree at the sometime so base I'm trying to say that honest it's good sometimes, and sometimes it's not, but I rather have honest people in my life because they are telling me the truth, and they didn't tell me the truth later on I would get hurt by them and I hate getting hurt by people, so I rather them telling me the truth right there when I'm talking to them then founding out by other people and getting hurt and for them not being honest with you from the bringing and putting your self down after you find out. I just feel that honest it's just a good thing because it operas for the real life when you get older and have a job and a family because then your ready for all of what is going to come to you in life sometimes life is not fair to other people, and you just got to be ready for it in life.