I believe that students should be not required to take elective classes because elective classes are not importance so, student waste their time. Elective classes are nor required for graduation also, student will not dedicate time in those classes and they will get F and their GPA will come down. Student wills cape those classes because ta don't need those classes, and they can be boring, and they will get in problems.I believe that student should not take elective classes because elective classes are not important. Students are wasting their time by taking those classes because beside those classes they can take others important classes that can get a credit from. Elective classes should be optional because some student wanted to finish theirs classes early and by taking elective classes they waste there time. I think that the schools should do is give then the option if they wanted to take elective classes, or they can take all their credit classes. Elective classes are not required for graduation so, the student will not take those classes seriously. Student will not do the work because they know that they don't need those classes, and they have more important work to do from the others classes that they need for their graduation. Student will get F and because of that their GPA will become down and that can affect then when they decide to go to college. Some student will not go too those classes because they know that that don't have to pass them to graduate and those classes can be boring. Elective classes can be boring for some student because there are some student that don't like music, drama or art some student like sport or some student what they what finish all their credit classes. Student that don't like those classes they will trade to scale those classes, and can get in big problems because of that. This can affect then in the future when they wanted to go to college or if they want to work in a federal job. This is a big problem and because of this they can lose a lot of opportunities. The schools should resolve this problem by making elective classes optional. Inconclusion student should not take elective classes because elective classes are not important and student will not care. Decide elective classes' student should have the option to take all their credit classes. Elective classes are nor required for graduation so, student will not do the work, and they will not go to those classes because it may be boring for some student. Some student wills cape those classes because some student like classes like art, music or drama they my like sport. Student will get in big problems because they scale their classes and that can affect then in the future. Schools should do the best for their student and make elective class optional.