More is always done when we do what we need to do, otherwise we get lazy and say "I'll do it tomorrow". We never know if tomorrow will ever come for us to do the tasks that could be important. It's good to have a mindset where you like to get stuff done, that shows that you're an honest person, and it can really say a lot about a person. When we don't do anything get stressed out, and worry about it too much, more than we're supposed to. Doing nothing is easier than doing something, but doing nothing has a bigger consequence then doing something. Around the world, there are people that accomplished a lot, always by doing something, and not by doing nothing. There are Entrepreneurs around the world that didn't wait to do something with themselves. For example, Bill Gates, he is the richest man in the world with billions of dollars to his name, but how did he manage to get all that money? By doing something and not by doing nothing, doing what he needed to do, when it needed to be done, not waiting for tommorowto do the tacks that he needed to do to get where he is today. Bill Gates was always busy doing something to get stuff done for a company, now he's the owner for Microsoft. Doing something will always bring positivity around you, into your life, another example is Steve Jobs. Steve Jobs didn't wait to do something for himself, he dropped out of college, but it didn't stop him from doing what he wanted to after that. He stayed in a small large, worked day and night to invent a computer, the MacBook, with this computer, he was going to become a famous Entrepreneur. A couple of years later Apple came to be to what it is today, Steve Jobs worked hard to get his company to where is today, by working hard and not by doing nothing, but by always doing something. Steve Jobs is a great example of how much great can come by doing some. These two Entrepreneurs are great examples of doing something, great should come. They both worked so hard for their companies, not waiting a day for something to be complete. Doing nothing will not get anything done, neither will waiting. So we have to get stuff done, so we won't have to worry or stress about it later. To conclude my essay, we should always do something the moment we get the task, otherwise it will never be done.