Should the first impressions care and show who individuals are? First impressions are almost impossible to change that is why people always have to worry about their actions because people can not go back the time, can lose opportunities, and can get on trouble.First, people can not go back the time and try to fix what they had done wrong. For example, some individuals who gave a bad impression in their first time at work because they did not how to deal with the costumer, and they had a bad attitude but then the next day they realized that they have to change their attitude it may be too late because the costumers already complained. All in all, people have to do their best the first time even if life is too difficult because time does not come back. In addition, Individuals can lose opportunities by their first impressions. For instance, some people that apply to a job, but they did not present on time will give their new boss a bad impression about them that he or she will want to fire them. All in all, people always has to make a good impression the first time, and they will have better opportunities. However, some people may argue that first impressions can be change because people may have regrets, and they will try to apply themselves and do their best in what they did wrong in the past. This argument is weak though because not everything in life can be change easily. For example, some people may regret how they were in high school with their teachers, but they can not do anything now because some of their teacher already past away. Even though, first impressions are impossible to change because no all the time people will have the opportunities to a second chance. Finally, people can get on trouble for how they show the first time. For example, some individuals that deal with other people always has to give a great impression the first time. Additionally, people that works at a restaurant has to have a good appearance because if they do not have it they will lose costumers, lose their jobs. In a word, a good impression the first time will save people from trouble. People always have to be careful in what they show or do the first time. There are great reasons for always make a good impression the first time because individuals can not go back the time, can lose opportunities, and can get on trouble. What would be if all individuals make a bad impression the first time?