I know that having career courses is a great idea for students to identify their careers in High-school. By studying courses in High-school it will teach students the requirements for specific careers and prepare students for college and their career if not required for college after High-school. Having career courses will make students more confident and comfortable in their first year in college or their first day at work because students will already be knowledgeable about what their doing, and it will also give students a head start in life and which makes students well-prepared. Having career courses will give a variety of choices for students and will help them figure out what they might want to study. These courses will teach students requirements, basics, and will give them an idea of what they might want to study in college or a career after High-school. When students are getting ready to leave High-school some students still might not know what to study, but having career courses would solve that solution easily which will cause less depression and stress. There are four years in High-school which is the enough time for students to switch out of a career coarse if their aren't interested. If High-schools don't take advantage of this idea students will be pure pressured to go to college and study a random coarse which isn't right if their not interested, that could lead them to drop out of college and waste thousands of dollars and could maybe go in debt for the rest of their lives. Career courses In High-school will give students head starts which is very beneficial for students and professors in college. College professors won't have to teach the basics, but will go over them which would save time and this also means students will have a couple of extra time for test's and final exams. Having career courses in High-school will cost a lot of money, but why not spend it if are main focus is to educate the students and help them succeed in the future. After religious beliefs school is the second most important thing in the world. These students are our future, and we want the world to be a better place and have a better society. We should reach out to the school board and colleges and let them know, By emailing, calling, or just by using social media that this is a very important matter, and it would be very beneficial for both them and us as students, We want to succeed and be educated and having career courses is the best way possible, we don't want to go in debt for the rest of our lives for something we didn't enjoy doing in college we want to be well-prepared, and every student should have equal opportunities in the world to know what to study. 