In my opinion, students should not use their phones in classrooms. The students will get distracted. Also, students should keep away their phones for safety. Lot of students can't stay without cellphones; however, they should know the without phones in classroom they will learn more. First, Students will get distracted if they have their phones in classroom. They will be texting in class, and they will be on social media while the teacher is explaining. Furthermore, some students spend their class time, playing video games, watching movies, or videos on YouTube. It also distracts other students that really wants to learn. Sometimes, the teacher allows students to use their phones in classes for educational purpose; however, the students take advantage because they use that time for playing some music on YouTube or taking pictures around the class, so I would not recommend teachers to let them use their phones in classes. I remember the time when I was in 9 grade, I often used my phone in classroom. I thought it would not affect my grades; however, at the end of the semester I saw only D in all of my classes. Furthermore, I stopped using my phone in class, and my grades were getting better. Second, students should keep away their phones in classes for safety. I believe that no one is perfect and there are some students who don't have a good behavior in school, so they use their phone for taking inappropriate pictures. In addition, we have seen some examples in other schools about terrorism, and we don't know what students do outside or what kind of friends they have out of school, so the student inside of school may be stayed in contact with terrorist outside the school in case of any terrorist attack. The teacher will be thinking that his or her students are reading about the topic in the class, but the truth would be that students are using their phone in a different purpose. The Department of Education should establish a law about not allow students to use their phones in classroom or not use it at all in schools because they won't be able to pay attention, and because is a good way to keep safety in the school. Some may say, students need their phones in class for search information or call for any emergency; however, students don't need their phone when the school provides computers for searching any information, and they don't need their phone for emergency because the school provides police officers and good strategies to protect them in case of any emergency.  