One place that I really want to go is Generic_City, Italy. I really want to go here mainly because of the stuff I can do their. I really want to see the fancy cars that Italy make's like the Lamborghini or the Ferrari and the Alpha Romero or other car that i normally don't see here were I live. I also want to know more about their culture. I wan to learn their language I want to eat their food I want to know how they live if ts ruff or easy or even both. I really want to eat the real Italian food! I always wanted to see if there would be a difference. One other main reason I want to come is for the tours, I want to get on the cannot then paddle and ride the whole channel. The reason why I really wan to see the fancy cars is because I have a big thing for cars. Ever since I was a little kid my dad will always talk about cars and I'll always be with him ill play with toy cars and when ever I see i nice car I always call it out saying "that's my mustang gt" or "that's my supra". My cousin always modifies if cars (he's also a car guy) he's another reason why I like cars. He has a Rx-7 every single part is modified he spends more money on his car then he does of him self. When I grow up I'm going to be a car guy like him. Another reason why I want to go to Italy to see the cars is because were I live you would see a Ferrari like once every 1-2 years and over in Italy seeing a Lamborghini must be like seeing a mustang. So that is why I want to see the luxury cars. I really want to know how their culture is. I want to know how life is over their I want to see if their kind or mean. I want to learn their language so I can talk with them. To me learning their language or understand it will be an easy thing to do. I think it will be easy because Italian and Spanish language is closely the same. I just don't want to be in on part of the country I also want to go to other places because I know that there are different cultures around the country. I mainly want to try the real Italian food i don't want to be eating the American version of Italian food. Furthermore, I want to see if there a difference of the foods I want to know witch one tastes better or if they taste the same. that's what I want to know about their culture. Another thing that I want to do over there is go in tours. I want to go on tours because when I see on the TV shows, movies, and commercials I always say "I'm trying to go their!". I also want to go to tours over their because I can see the cultures and how places look their. When I go on tour I find out stuff that I didn't know about and finding about new thing is good for your brain. I also always wanted to go to the channel waters and ride. Ever since I was a little kid I would see that people would ride on the channel waters. This is why I want to go to Generic_City, Italy. Because of all off this fun stuff I can do their. All of these are reasons why I want to go to Generic_City, Italy. I hope one day I can go to Italy and explore their.  