Failure Is SuccessNothing can make you stronger than failure. It makes you more success In life, even helps you to learn a life lesson, that you can do much more than what you could image to build your life and happens. When you did something, and It makes you failure don't think that why did that happened, or why did you do that although, give up that you can't solve It, you should know and everyone else that we all are strong we will not know until failure comes to you that you are much stronger and be powerful with what you have and what comes to nothing Is more Important than success your life, sometimes failures and make you life hard, but It can make your life more powerful, that you will trust yourself and, It will make you stronger, and you will take more responsibility for your next steps. For example, my father would tell me all the time that when you get older have your on business, and you need to be strong If your not strong "failures" can heart you so that's why you need to work so hard and be strong as will to reach your goals. Although even If you have a good life don't think that's It that you will not have any problems anymore. If you don't work hard and not be strong failure can make your life so harder the other hand, life is a lesson and challenge for everyone It can take a risk, so you need to be strong for what ever come to you and be powerful for not any failures so to you and break you. For example, my mom would tell me life Is a lesson each day you will learn something different, and you will get stronger, so you don't know when and what will happen to you so mantle and physically be strong. However, If you did something learn you mistake lesson to not do It again and forget the mistake. However, It's not good to have failure some people can't handle It, so they kill them self. On the other hand, failure Is good because they know how strong and powerful thy are and nothing can break you or failure you. Being powerful and strong Is so Important so that life will change you no matter. How or why, so you should always learn your lesson that, why or how did failure In your success life and happiness never let anything come between you, because you will get stronger each time and better.