Students will struggle to learn the subjects that the school requires them to take such as History, Math, Science, and English. Attending to school can have a huge impact in your life. How would it affect you, if you don't attend to school?. Would it be the same if you learn all the materials by watching videos?. Would you be able to ask questions just the same way other students do?. Making a decision of taking class from home can make a huge impact in your life and the future. For example a high schooler that takes classes online that wants to be a history teacher they can struggle a lot because a video can't give you enough information, for you to know the story. A video only summarize the story comparing to when you're in class you can ask questions and also have more information from your teacher. Having a teacher explaining you everything and working with other students can help your grade and also your GPA for you to attended to good collages and be able to have a lot of advantages. Students will have more benefits and advantages of learning the materials, if they attend to school. Students will also have good grades and opportunities for them to get a scholarship and have a higher GPA that would help them attended the collage they want to go to. For example if students don't have a high GPA, the most common thing that would happen would be that they will be rejected by a lot of collages. Having a high GPA can help you get into good collages without having to pay, and you can also earn money while you're attending collage. Students will be able to graduate early from collage and with a really high degree that could benefit them by finding job where they start at the top like others professionals people. Students will struggle a lot of looking for collages that are not too expensive or collages that can help them save money. For example nova is an academic institute collage that has a lot of benefits for students such as saving money for collage. Have opportunities of going to others university or institutes where you can work as an assisting and get well paid. Nova can be very helpful institute that students can attended to because they only attended to nova for two years. At nova, they prepare students to when they are ready to move on to a four-year collage, but you need to have a good GPA and have all the requirements that nova asks for. However not everyone agrees that attending to school is beneficial for students. Some students think that having to show up to school is a waste of time and that it would be better if they learn by looking tutorials on YouTube or being able to attend classes from home. For example if students don't attended to school they won't be able to understand anything which it will cause them to stress out and make them give up on their dreams. Students won't achieve if we let them attend classes from home. Students also don't agree about having good grades and a good GPA. For example students think that they can still go to the collages they want to attended without matter of their grades and GPA that all they had to do is pay. But the question is "do you have the money to pay collage?". 