I think what Ralph Waldo Emerson wrote is true, because when all the people do their own self and become their own self. The chance for those people to become something else in this world is really high. They accomplishment to do the greatest things in the world. Many people in this world believe that becoming their own self is better for them, because people would not have to deal with the negative minds that other people have, because by the way all the people have different minds and some people can have positive minds, but there is a lot of people that have negative minds. People that decided they want to become something else in this world with other people it would be really hard for them to become some else this world. The reason why it would be really hard for them is because they would have to deal with passive minds and negative minds. But the people that decided that they wanna because accomplish in be better in this world. Those people are the one's that decided to become their own, because they won't have to deal with no negative minds they would just do what their head tells them to do without hearing negative minds, and they just keep gone keep doing what they think would be the best for them. People that decided that they want to become their own, is for a reason they decided to do that because they want to become better people in the world, they want to give their families a better lifestyle, but the main thing is. They want to be an example for their kids, they want to show their kids that no matter what if they keep their head up and keep and positive minds. They would be able to accomplish anything in life, but they would show their kids that become their own thins, it is not just become their own things, all that have work and discipline, but the main thing is always kept their minds possible. People that become their own after they make a family they would start showing the kids to become their own since a young age. They would show their kids the work and decline it takes to become their own self. When a lot of people don't think the same way, but each people have their minds set. I think at this point in life and in the whole world. The people that should start thinking about if they want to become their own us. All the people that is about to be graduated High School. The people that is at the age of 17 and 18 years should be ones that start thinking about that. Because all those people about to get until the real world and they have gone see what real is, in the real world. People never know the obstacles that life can put on you as soon as you get in the real world. Life would, might put you hello obstacles just for you to realize and see what you're doing, so those kids that are about to be graduated high school they need to do their best, so they can go through tall the obstacles that life would put on them in the journey for them to make it all the way to the up to their dreams. All this it comes to the people that they want to become their self. They would have to keep mind passive and think it would not be easy at all, but doing hard work and always looking forward they would be able to do it. Everyone is this world can accomplish the greater things in this world and be better. All those people need is motivation and have their mind positive to make it all the way up to their dreams. All hard work have pay off at the end, people would realize that all the hard work they did was something better life and when they look back at all the hard work they did. They would have their own self, they would be like all this n all the obstacles I had to go thought was for some better in my life and for a huge chance in me now I can say all the work I have been done, it is finally accomplished.