A British naturalist and politician John Lubbock wrote, "Your character will be what you yourself choose to make it." Do we choose our character traits, or our character forms by influences beyond our control? I think we can control our character traits because we can choose our character traits like being quiet, being social, and being over yourself. This is why I think we choose our character traits. For example, I think we choose our character traits like being quiet. Being quiet isn't a good or bad thing like you can be quiet sometimes not all the time because you got to talk once in a while. You have to balance it all out. I remember back when I was I middle school 6th to 7th grade I was a quiet kid with little friends like I would not talk to no one. I felt so alone because of that, then I started talking to people and got lots of friends. So, I think we can control our character traits. That's why I think we choose our character traits like being quiet. Also, another example is being social. Being social is a great thing to have because talking to people is good like you can make friends, learn new things. And even discover new things. I was a very talkative kid in 7th to 8th grade I remember that I felt like I was annoying to some people because I talked a lot. I also learned new things like how to approach and talk to people. Furthermore, I discover new things to like I discover that people can change over time. Some are nice then they turn moody or mean, and others were mean then nice. Some people don't change and that happens to that's how the world works. That's why I think we can control and choose our character traits like being social. Therefore, my next example is being an over yourself. Like being confident or keeping yourself in check that's a good trait to have. It can be also a bad trait because you can be overconfident and cocky. Some people don't like this kind of people because they say "there no fun" or they are "party poopers." I'll confess that I was a little cocky and overconfident when it came to sports because I was a very competitive kid. Sometimes I even screamed and yelled of happiness because I scored or won a game. Some people also think that's our character traits are influence beyond our control, and yes I can see there point of view because, when I screamed and yelled when I scored or won I game i didn't control it I just yelled. I could've not yelled I could've just celebrated with my hands and look up in the sky but I didn't do that. This is why I think we can choose our character traits like being over yourself. Finally, I think when the British naturalist and politician John Lubbock wrote, "Your character will be what you yourself choose to make it." He is thought one of two things he thought we choose our character traits, or our character forms by influences beyond our control. I think he thought we choose our character traits like being quiet, being social, and being over yourself. This is why I think he thought about we choose our character traits.