Are you a successful person? Or do you want to be a successful person? If you are a successful person, you certainly have a positive attitude in your life. If you want to be a successful person, you also need a positive attitude to solve the problem that happen in your life, or to people around you like family or even a stranger. Do you want to know why the positive attitude is so heavy in value for a successful person? First, the positive attitude will be a manager of your mood. Second, you need a positive attitude to look everything positively. Third, the way that people decide to respect you is through your manner. Finally, positive attitude can bring a marvelous gift to your life if you are become a chief of positive manner, such as a successful person. To be more specific about how importance of attitude, your day is great or bad is depended on how your attitude toward to happen. For example, you dressed a beautiful shirt in the pretty day, suddenly, somebody walked pass you and spilled coffee on your shirt. Which attitude should you make to let your day continuing to be a great day? You get angry and ruin everything, or you give a bright smile and make a nice conversation. Your positive attitude definitely gives you an energy to show your enthusiasm in daily activities. A short fact in Generic_School, students enjoy going to the library before the class starts, because there is a big welcome from those librarians. They always smile, explain or help you when you need. A simply good morning with a pretty can make you feel today is going to be a great day, then you may pass their great attitude to someone else that you do not even know. Life is stressful, but your positive attitude will change stressful life to a sweet life. In addition, you want everything in your life go smoothly, you need a perfect attitude for yourself to looking for a fitting path. People may be lose their sight in the darkness, just because they do not use the right manner to treat things that happen around them. They are upset, when they cannot get the result expectantly, lose their enthusiasm, and give up their wants. The following story of two little girls will support that the positive attitude heal your failing on something and return a chance to make your life success. Generic_Name and Generic_Name have been friend since they were five-year. At the age of sixteen, both girls had a same hobby of shoe collecting, and they always shared with each other. However, one day in the afternoon, Generic_Name came back from school, and she planned to wear the sparkle pink sandal to the store, but she found out it was lost. Immediately, she was thinking of Generic_Name stole her shoe, because of those words Generic_Name said yesterday that Generic_Name wanted the same shoe Generic_Name had, but her mom did not let her buy. After that, Generic_Name and Generic_Name had the worst conversation that they have never ever had; they gave up on their friendship for a long time until Generic_Name discovered her shoe was hidden in the dark Conner of a drawer. Instead of ignoring Generic_Name, Generic_Name was looking for the way to explain to regain their friendship. Generic_Name assumed, you can realize that the negative attitude will destroy what you appreciate, then the positive manner heals your mistake and gives you a success after. Last, the correct or positive attitude can value your personality, so that affects the way people look at you. You must not expect people judge you that you are a great person, or you are successful. People estimate you through your manner toward to future or what you had done in the past. Will people say you are a successful student, even though, you do not expect any higher education, absolutely no because how they know that you will have a job in the future, or you just ask for help without any work. Nevertheless, if you are a student having a positive attitude for the future, such as you are willing to study, or you want to contribute yourself to community, college or company will value you at a positive way that you are diligence and helpfulness. And then, they may ask you to show more your ability that can make you are more successful. In summary, positive attitude is definitely important for your life and your success. Understanding positive manner designs your wonderful day. Also, you must have positive attitude to discover your fitting path to the success. Finally, positive attitude shows your true personality to people around you, and gives you a chance to catch their attention, so they can give you a opportunity to you to become a successful person. If you want to be successful person, you must have a positive attitude.