I disagree, because of each people in the world still require of help of somebody, if not any peoples can believe that are most that other and with his strength and ego can to get anything's without help of nobody, or only they think follow his instincts and ideas without before they could hear any advice of people that are victorious in the life as in the job for what they always in his mind and heart to know follow advise. In the world still there people very specials that God or the destiny to give in our life for help in moments difficult that all people in his life occur. For this, is that I think that each people still need of other people for creating a life most easy for his family and us, and we can live with calm that take the best decisions in our life and here are any reasons for that are very important the advice to take decisions in ours life:"Still there somebody for you "Each people most reliance in his life, always there necessity of any people that can to give advice of as" what to need to do" or" how could you make it ". Always they think that are people fortunate for that, has a person that is still prepared tom give any advice without receive something to change. But for other part the people that are unpleasant, without humility, or intolerant to advise can to fall in decisions very hard that may be can affect your life as the family, only for not seek help with experts or friends that if it has experiences in situations similar to yours decisions. Also, we should to be still grateful with people that our help with his advice and why not, we can to help to other people in his life such an avoid a bad consequence in his life.'' Seek rather to perform''Everybody should to search to peoples that can to help in decisions specifics in the life that can result terrible in ours life, for this is better hear to person that has a lot of experiences in important matters of the life, later they could to reflect that way can to give you the decision. They can think whether is correct or not and create situations for each decision that take you and that influence would have in your life, also they shall hear different point to view for is very certainly of your decisions. Nevertheless, we perform rather of view or hear different opinions and actions of people that has experiences good as bad in his decisions. For this, the first step in a situation like this, is sought and seek help of any kind as the friends, professionals, experts, or authorities that know the importance to take a good decision in an important matter in our life." Perseverance and Humility"Always in ours life should to exist the humility, and we believe that everything known and not is necessary seek to experts or receive any advice, but this is a great mistake in the life and for consequence to get failure, disillusionment, or to be alone. Only for follow ours own instincts and ideas without see towards the future, and we think that only with our knowledge and intelligence, we believe what we are "the best" in this world and that nobody exist, because we have of power, also what happened not result as we are waiting. After, only for not assets seek experts for that we to give advice of how to confront our decision or how find the best decision without wait a bad result. Always has hope that if we hear advice is a little most easy we take the decision. Always we should to be very carefulness to moment to choose it. Never allow that our mind or think that is it better for us without rather hear advice and reflect about if is or not the correct decisions in this matters. In conclusion, all people of the world needs any help to surpass a moment difficult in life, for this, each people should and has that seek and hear different help for take any decisions, if that ours instincts and ideas could not to give still the better answer to a matter, also in each moment we find to a person that can to give any advice that may be had any doubt, and we leave to carry for the mind and is better seek a specialists or friends that has any experience in same decisions. We're living in a world very development that is very easy to search to professionals as psychologist that can help in mistake in ours mind as sexologist for help about mistake on a relationship and as this examples also there people experts in different kind of situations that can help to take the better decision. Nevertheless, each people should be humble, because still to around of your life find to people that still is ready for you in any moment that you should necessary his help or advice for any situation that you shall is happened, always receive the advice of the better way, after you are an advice for other people that is in a situation very alike.