There was a guy who decided to eat a ghost pepper because of a dare and next thing you know it they are in the hospital, not so good isn't it. One day one of my friends Generic_Name from a while back let's say elementary school, Generic_Name was eating lunch and some kid came by and swiped his tray off the table, he wanted to beat they other person up, and I said no I suggest you go talk to a teacher about it. Although some might believe, asking for help (guidance), talking to your priors or family members, having confidence in yourself proves seeking for guidance from experts and authorities about life important matters is a good idea. Asking for help and guidance. My friend Generic_Name was having a tough time choosing which college he wants to go to. I told him to go talk to your counselor, and now he's now in Generic_school because he asked about what colleges seem good and are better for Generic_Name. This relates to asking for help because he had no idea where he wanted to go if he made the decision to go some college, having no background knowledge of the school, and he got there noticed it's not for me, he is screwed. That means it is a good idea to ask experts at finding the right college for you. Talking to your priors, family members and communicating. I always ask my friends and family what to do for certain things such as what classes do you think seem good that I also like or what sport should I join and try out. I think communicating is great because it sets a good outlook on your personality. That's how you make more friends like you want to know what good advice they can give you, and you can give them. People who don't communicate will always have a tough time talking to people, they will be really quiet and lonely at times. This relates to talking to priors and family members and communicating because they are here to help you out no matter what. Having confidence in yourself. If you start communicating and talking a lot more, it will build up confidence to the point where you won't be nervous to talk in front of a class. One of my good friends named Generic_Name came to Generic_school awhile back all quiet and had a soft voice until he started talking to people like his friends and family every day, now it sounds like he is a whole different person, and he is way more confident in public speaking. This relates to the having confidence because he was scared of talking to people until he's starting talking to everybody he saw in the hallways and built his confidence to a new level. Anybody can overcome the fear of speaking just by talking with your family first then friends and people you don't know.What's important is that you learn to talk to people like your family, friends, and your school administrators. Some people have a bad past in speaking to one another, but it all comes down to are you going to make a change because that person who has difficulties in speaking, doesn't like it either. I want people to overcome their fear of communicating in the future because that's a big deal if you don't, many jobs out they need people to speak well with other folks. This relates to stuff in a political aspect basically media because people on there need to speak to one hundred million of people out in the world on TV.  