Do you agree or disagree with "imagination is more important than knowledge"? I agree with this statement because it helps you when your reading books, studying, and learning. I learn more when I imagine things at school or other places. To begin with, I like reading books because it helps me when I'm mad or just in general. Comedy books are one of my favorite to read because it cheers me up more than anything beside music. I like imagining things when I read because it makes the story more interesting like people talking in my head. Imagining helps me learn more because I am a slow learner I don't learn fast like other kids do, so I like to sit down and imagine all the things the teacher was talking about, so I can catch up with the class. Also, Imagination helps me a lot when it comes to studying because I am not good at remembering things. Studying is not my thing yet because there are big words I don't understand especially when it comes to English and math. English is more of smart people stuff I get so lost in English because we do a lot of work at once and the confuses me. English taught me new things I never knew before like having an introduction in every paragraph. In addition, Learning is hard when you have a lot of kids in the class playing and not letting the other kids learn. Some people take learning as a joke, but I take it seriously because I want my dreams to come true I always wake up in the morning happy to go to school to learn something new. Learning is important it helps people get to where they want to be either it's a dream, a location or read and write things. It is all imagination it helps a lot of people each and everyday by studying, learning or reading books because I enjoy it a lot it helps me fill up my emptiness. In conclusion, I agree imagination is more important than knowledge because it is a it of people just like it helps me. Learning is important because it helps you reach your goals in life, and studying is not my thing, but imagination helps me with studying because I can imagine the things we talked about. Reading books is more important to me because it cheers me up when I am mad, so I don't pop off and say things I regret saying 