Summer is the time for students to take a break from school, but some educators feel that summer break is too long, and it needs to be shortened. As for me, I am strongly disagreed with this idea because summer is the time for student to visit their family, their relatives, to do whatever they like, to enjoy whatever they love and sometimes learning too much might be something that some students could not handle.First, summer is the time for students to come back to their hometown to visit their family. Some students, like me, came from another country so a lot of times we do miss our hometown. That is why having a three-month summer break is truly a huge chance for us because that is pretty much the only reunion we have in a year. I will take mine as an example. To be able to come back to Generic_City it is not just about time, sometimes it could involve money. The ticket is just too expensive, not to mention that it is in summer. So if I can visit my family this year, I might have to wait a few years later to be able to visit them again. Secondly, this is a period of time when students can do whatever that want to do like doing some volunteering or club activities or playing sports or just simply doing their favorite hobbies. If we shorten the summer break, students will easily get bored when they come back to school because they do not have enough time to do what they like in summer. Nobody wants to study when they are bored. So if we want a student to return to school with lots of energy, we need to let them have a break. And that give me an example. One of my Vietnamese friend told me that even in summer he still has to take a lot of tutor classes. That is why if we shorten the summer break then lots and lots of Asian students will not even have time to do what they love! Last but not least, learning too much might be something that some students could not handle. A short summer break meaning we have to go to school more than we need. I know that if we shorten the summer break we will have a longer winter break, but that is not the case for the country that does not have a winter break or a week off in fall and spring. A student could get stress if they do not have a proper break. Just check some examples on the news or internet, especially in South Korea or Japan. A lot of students suicide just because of learning too much. Too many homework and tests, pressures from parents and teacher, .... Very stressful! Not to mention that Asian students usually have a shorter summer break and winter break. On the whole, I am not agreed with this idea and along with fact that I am an Asian and I used to go through a very strict and tough education in Asia, I can never accept this. Students need to have sometimes to release their stress after a long year at school by visiting their family or doing whatever they like.