Being Against An Extended School Day-Generic_Reeducation can be considered to have an immense and influential extent over the preparation of individuals within the constantly expanding world. It can determine how a future employee may react to a circumstance or perhaps how they may solve it. Entire generations have been based upon education. Fundamentals such as algebra and language skills learned by these individuals have sculpted the process for man to touch the Moon and to cease global crises. All of this has possibly resulted in the world we exist in today. My perspective on the circumstance is that the school board should not increase the school's schedule due to the following: the current schedule already establishes 7 hours of probable physical and intellectual progression, students can experience more unproductive and negative entities, and that the addition of one and a half hours may produce incompatibilities towards both student and related individual schedules. Beginning with the 7-hour process, students enter the building and perhaps have already encountered a dilemma. Certain peers may have caught the bus late or arrived earlier than allowed to. Afterwards, they could be in their classes trying to understand how a certain concept functions with another and may simultaneously be attempting to conclude a page of homework. Moving from class periods to lunch, they may find themselves perplexed at what they are going to do with their locker's present condition. Even at the end of the day they may be questioning what to do with their best friend while they both have separate projects due tomorrow. In essence, a student's day can be of highly troubling challenges as well as instances that a be excessively stressful in relation to the students alone. With the prolonging of the day present, multiple casual difficulties may be amplified whilst new forms of faults can be felt by many students. A select few could include having to finish more assignments, receiving an increase of homework, and quite more. Certain subject periods may become uninteresting after critically focusing time upon them, and other periods may become shorter in order to cope the extension of time. Events that have a possibility of occurring throughout the day can be unintentionally imposing, and certain situations may very well be perceived by an array of people as impossible to conclude with the aforementioned extension. A final note pertaining to the topic is that a longer daily routine may lead to extensive conflict with faculty, student, guardian time frames. Students can have extracurricular activities that can require adequate time to function properly such as baseball and/or team swimming. The parents and guardians of the students may now not have time to fulfill their career schedules in order to react with their children and could result in negative consequences. Faculty members may have to stay a longer duration to cleanse or conclude their occupational duties because of the excess of materials and activities. The people apparent within the school and to some degree outside it could be left with the severe imbalance of two correlating but differed schedules they must interact with. Though a multitude of negative concepts and events may be associated with the topic of extending the day, there are quite in fact a variety of benefits to such a transformation. A prolonged schedule can be excellent for the further study of a subject as well as direct application. Homework can have a higher chance of being finished within school hours. Socialization in lunch and gym sessions could be extended. However, negative concepts can still be present with the solutions, which may indicate that no matter what may be of the scenario, unproductive elements can still remain. As previously mentioned, I take a view that is against the prolonged of the academic schedule as it relates to incompatibilities for multiple individuals, an increase in negativity, and the current time frame and activities of school. Once again, parents and guardians may have to reduce time at their positions in order to cope with shift of schedule. Homework and subject directives may become more significant in amount and requirement, perhaps stressing the students and teachers to quite the degree. The current schedule alone has multitudes of events, activities, and concepts that are brimming in attentiveness and consumption. Benefits and negatives of the school lengthening its duration are and can be present, but truly take into consideration what a change in a time frame could result in; its impacts can be irreversibly. 