Students should commit to a career at a young age or specifically by the time they get to high school. Most students know what they want to do when they get to high school so it's a good idea to commit to a career that you are interested in and enjoy, so you can start preparing for a job/career in that field of study. Yes, students should commit to a career at young age mostly because always a good idea to start earlier than later. In addition, this gives more time for preparation and being able to learn more about the career of your choice by selecting electives in high school that are in that field of study of the career you want to pursue. High school offers many electives and academy classes that students should take advantage of to stay ahead of the game in what they want to do as a career. It's a smart way and fun way to go deeper in the career you want and learn more from it and have it help you in the future. Committing early on is key to being more successful in that career and for your journey to that career. Secondly, committing to a career at a young age is useful to build up confidence in that student, so they have the urge to want to pursue that career and be more serious about what they want to do. Most students don't take their career selections seriously until senior year or until they graduate high school. Another reason is that if you're confident in what you want to do you'll be able to achieve your goal. For example i want to become an athletic trainer/fitness instructor and I am taking the fitness instructor class next year for my senior year to prepare and learn more about what i want to do. They also offer a test at the end of the year to certify you as a fitness instructor so I am confident in taking that test and still expand my study at college because I believe and i really want to have this as a career. Lastly, If you commit to a career early enough you can start working as part-time for that career for example, after high school and if I pass the fitness instructor class and get certified as a fitness instructor I could apply for a part-time job at a gym or something related to that and help others out to reach their goal. While I would still go to college to expand my learning in athletic training having a part-time job in doing what I love would be great. It could also help out with expenses and anything else. The earlier, the better and more opportunities would be opened to students. In conclusion, students should commit to a career sometime in high school just so they can start preparing and building up confidence in what they want to do. Take advantage of classes in high school because they are free and very helpful for the future. Overall once you find something you like doing and want to do that as a career then commit.