Homework ClubsImagine getting all of your work completed easily and correct! A homework club are for students that is having a difficult time of getting their work done, they can also do their work together as a class. Homework clubs are good for students because they can finish it early, they can help each other, and it improves their learning skills. First, students finish early. Students can do something else later instead of homework, and it helps them avoid of getting a late work. For example, back in 7th grade, I didn't really do my homework and I knew that I didn't make the right choice, so the consequences were having a bad grade, and being grounded for a long amount of time. I really didn't like doing homework, but I learned something from it, so I started doing my work since I was grounded. Second, students can help each other. Students can help the ones that are having a difficult time of doing their homework, they can also finish their work easily. For example, when I stayed after school for my English teacher to do work, I realized that I finished most of my work because I was focused, and I asked the teacher multiple times to help me with some work. It helped me bring my grades up from a failing to a passing. So I suggest that students should do homework clubs to get their work done. Third, It improves their learning skills. It improves their collaboration, and it improves their communication skills, and it can improve their skills on every subject. For example, when I was in 4th grade, I didn't know a single word in English, so I was in this program called, English and Second Language, where they taught me new words every day until I started talking English in class and to other students. It helped me came along this far where I didn't need it anymore. I was scared to talk to people because I thought that they would make fun of me because I didn't know how to talk, but I was wrong. I made my first friend in 5th grade and his name was ETA, we were both at the program, but he knew a lot more English than me, so he also helped me improve my communication skills along the way. I think that after school homework clubs are good for students because students can finish it early with the help of one another and the teacher. The most important thing about this club is that it improves your learning skills and your communication skills.