I agree with Ralph Waldo Emerson because some people are comfortable where they are. It is away good to go beyond your comfort zone and explore new thing. Without explore you will never know what you are cable of, and you will never grow in life. It is good to be satisfy where you are sometime, But when emergency come to need to explore to see who you truly are. He is also right because where I am from a lot of people are satisfy where they in life. I believe that the more you explore, the more you grow. For example If Bill Gate was satisfy what he master without exploring he would have never become a billionaire, and he would never have discovered the Microsoft. And if Barack Obama was satisfy with his education/knowledge he would never have become a Senator or the first Black African American president of America, and he was never going to be able to share is idea with America. So without going beyond what you have mastered you will never know who you are and what you are cable of. Explore beyond what you have mastered and there will away be a surprise, a new talent and a new growth in life. You will never discover your worth/talent without trying. Some people have that mind set that if they explore they will never make it. The more you explore, the farther you go in life. Always pray to advanced to a new level not the level you have master. My mom away tell me be never happy where you at step out of your comfort zone and explored. So you will know who you truly are. For example if your boss is leave, and they are looking for a new replacement for his/her position, and you have knowledge/idea about the job, but you decided embrace where you are because you are scared to take a step in life. And you also have the mind set that they will turn you down. Some people in college are comfortable having there master degree but scared to get their doctorate degree because they feel that having their master’s degree is the stopping point of their learning skills, and they are not smart enough to get their doctorate degree. Some environment make you satisfy where you at. Being happy with where you at is not a bad thing but the more you explored, the more you grow in life. Never be happy with who you are away fight for a better future on a better life. Like Neil Armstrong Said" a gain leap for man kind" some people need to take that gain leap in their life. The more you explore, the more you learn about life and where it will take you.