Do you want to know some enjoyable ways to do at the park? Well, at the park you can walk your dog, you can have a picnic with family or friends, some parks have animals you can look at, and you can ride your bike, skate board, and scooter. One enjoyable thing to do at the park is, you can walk our dog. While you are walking your do, you are also getting some exercise by walking with them. It's also fun because the dog can explore new places to go to.Also, it's somewhere you can take your dog to go out and enjoy nature with you. Some dogs like walking, so a park is a good place to take them to go walk. Also, you and your dog can have some time together. Another enjoyable way to do at the park is, you can have a picnic with your family of friends. Having a picnic is fun because you get to talk to the person with you and eat with them. Having picnics at the park can be good for example, the weather when it is hot or warm, or it is a beautiful day outside. When you are done with your picnic you can go and explore more of the park. If you brought someone with you and they have never been there before then they might like it, and they would want to come back again. Third enjoyable way to do at the park is, some parks have animals you can look at. It is enjoyable to look at the animals for example, the bears, fishes, turtles, goats, chickens, and pigs. You can also go look at the pig races. There could be some animals you may have never seen before. Sometimes when you go see the animals at the park some people can tell you some stuff to learn about the animal like where is from or what it eats, and you can feed the animal food that the park provides them to eat. Last but least, you can ride your bike, stake board, and scooter. At the park you can learn how to ride the thing you brought and practice. The park is also a safer place because there won't be a lot of cars. While you are riding on what you brought with you, it is fun to ride it while you see the beautiful features of the park. It is a good place to go and play with your friends with bikes, skate boards, and scooters because the park is safer than the street and might be a big park to play at with your friends.