Dear manager Good morning, we would like to visit your company because we are content to meet and know a little more about this job. We also would like you to show us how hard can a real job be. We want to be professional people, what is why we want you to be our teacher in this new experience. Furthermore, we choose your workplace because we think it is a great place to start meeting about medicine. Furthermore, we would like to be a famous doctor as well as you are. Furthermore, we are also so excited to meet your workplace because some people doesn't have the opportunity to visit you and your clinic. Furthermore, we choose this job because we think it is a great job and also because you can save lives. It will be a pleasure to meet your workplace. We want to be like you, be a famous person. We also would like to know a little more about how to be a fantastic doctor. Furthermore, we choose your workplace because of people told us that your clinic is the most amazing place to have an operation. Furthermore, we are five students that would like to know more about how to be a doctor and how to safe lives. I was thinking about if maybe you may be with us. We are asking if you can allow us to be in an operation with you, or be watching how do you and the other doctors work in the clinic. We would like to be a great surgeon. We think that your workplace will be a great starting to know more about how to do an operation. Furthermore, we would like to know how to become a doctor. Your clinic is always clean. We are asking if you can give us the approbation to visit your hospital. It will be a pleasure to meet you and your hospital because we just want to know how do you work, how do you control the clinic, how do you make an operation. We would like to be in an intensive room, even if it can be disturbing. We also choose this kind of job because it is great, even is sometimes doctors have to make hard decisions. We know a little about medicine. Furthermore, we would like to be in your clinic one day because we want someone to show us the materials that the doctors use. In the school we do not have the resources to have these materials. We are actually studying to be the most knowing doctors because we want to be different from the others. You are the person who inspires us to be doctors. My dream is that in a future I can have my own clinic and hospital. Be able to say," I did it". I know that it is a hard dream to follow. But if you give us the chance to be in your hospital for one day. My dream will finally come true. I swear that my life will be better if you let us be in there. Maybe you had a dream too, and I suppose that it was not easy to become a professional doctor. Was it? So can you please make my dream true and give me the first steep to be a professional person. I know is kind of hard to ask you to let us be in your clinic because I know you are a busy person. But I just want to know a little about medicine. I know you are a great surgeon, that is why I am asking you to teach me. I know that it is not easy to be the hospital's manager and surgeon but there if you can. Furthermore, I'll too. Thank you for listen to me. Have a wonderful day! Generic_Name; 