People around the world have thought about the way students should be taught or the way they should be treated but a few have notice that many students are struggling to build self-esteem. Students have difficulties, and they affront them without their parents' help. Consequently, many ends up loosing their self in the worse way, and they take paths that guide them into substances that had damaged the rest of the society, like drugs or the alcohol. Furthermore, parents lets teachers decide what to do with their child because they think schools will teach them the right way to learn about how life works and that includes self-esteem. Although some people say praising student's deficient work helps build self-esteem because it brings hope for them, actually praising deficient work undermines learning by lowering standards because students will not improve their work, and it is unfair for the hardworking students. According a survey found in Google, many students quite school at a young age because they disbelieve how good they are at schooling. Furthermore, the survey display a chart where a big number of those who quite schools are the greatest students and according to the writer they do not have enough knowledge about it. Praising them probably won't help them learn fast and smarter, but it does not let them give up easily she wrote in a quote. However, students that are praise for their deficient work never improve. For example Generic_Name, my friend's brother he quite schools since for years because he says that nothing he learns at school apply in personal life. Even though his teachers did everything they could to help him improve his grades, additionally they praise his worst work, and it did not even work. Moreover, The New York Times post an article about students failure, and they conclude that students that have a job and study at the same time, they are more likely to finish high school. In the other hand students that gets money from their parents, most of the time they do not finish high school and if they the do, they do it with the lowest grades ever. In addition, praising student's deficient work undermines learning by lowering standards. According to the Generic_School, two of three students in a class graduate, but those who graduate are the ones that work hard and study for long hours to achieve their goals. Clearly, praising students deficient work shows that schools are becoming worst more than in the past years and students now are not competent to apply for a simple job. For that reason, many parents believe that deficient work lowers learning standards and that schools are getting worse and weaker every year. In conclusion, self-esteem comes from the student's best effort, by working hard and not being unfair with the others. As we know Steve Job achieve his dreams by hard work and not by the praise of the society or even his parents. Because of his great achievements, Apple is still one of the greatest companies ever created. Definitely, this kind of examples teach and stress the importance of building self-esteem by hard work. Every people have different thoughts about how a student should be taught but whatever they choose will influence their children's life forever.