Thomas Jefferson said. Do we accomplish more if we are always doing something, or does inactivity also serve a purpose? Furthermore, not all the people agree with this stamens. Of course, those two persons have different ideas. Furthermore, many people like to be least, and they do not try to move on; Since, Other wants to move and work hard to make more opportunity. I agree with this stamens, because this represents three nice pace to make others opportunity struggle, exploit, and related.However, no everyone agree. To begin, some of the people think they can't make more option that they already have for some reasons. For instance, lots of people have not easy life some of they are not reach they do not have money to make more option. But, we have to know something that's true about this life that's nothing is going to be easy to make or do. For instance, one day before grandfather dad he tells my a story how they were before his life. His life it was really hard before, they are not a family reach his five children only ate one time on some days. But he always said this words "one day everything is going to change." He never stops to believed that. After this terrible day he finds other opportunities to make a different life for his family. Is why everyday I think careful, if you want something "I need to struggle." Moreover, we can accomplish wonderful dreams, if we exploit the time. For instance, People can make many dreams so fast, also thing you never believed to get one day like a beautiful car, a big house, and other beautiful things. But you can get all this if you work hard and. In addition, others people can give different life, because you have how to help others. All the person who never stop work that person always make so many thingsFinally, be related every day this is something special. Because you are always looking for something more than one. That means you not stop in one street you are always tried to gross the other way. For instance, one day I was thinking how to make my dream fast and how to get it. And I said If we are people who like to find different option we are going to get it. And that is all this is a reflection to know how you can get everything in your life, but you have to know this if you never go in from nothing is going to happen. In short, the ideas is to tell you how many opportunities or dreams you can make, if you move to one side to the other sides. For example people who not try to move more far away they never are going to make something different, and that so sad because you are never going to know how many special dreams you can have, but that is going to happen if you don't move to the other side, but if you work hard, and you always look for more you are always going to have everything in your life. For instance, you want a car and the car the cost is one million you will buy that car why, because you work hard, and you have the money, so you will have the money for buy this types of cars. Struggle and you will have everything you want, exploit go outside and find others opportunities not lose you time the time run very fast every day, you are going to cry one day may be because you are least and that is going to be sad for you, the last try to be related because there is the way you are going to find many option for make you life different. If you do all this life is going to be easy for live.  