Why should you accomplish anything in your live? In in other words, why should you finish anything in your live? You need to accomplishment to get your purpose. When you're done something in your life you will be successful, not boring, and proud of yourself. I agree with Thomas Jefferson that, we have to accomplish in our life because when we will accomplish in our life we will get our goal, however, people might disagree with me, and they think that inactivity serve a purpose and that's not true. It's a great thing to be successful in your live. " Don't work hard but work smart". In in other words, you have to keep yourself working all the time. When you success in anything you feel comfortable. For example, In our school you have to do your work, so you can success. When you let yourself finish the work you will be successful. Let yourself be accomplishment in anything, and you will be successful forever. When you keep yourself busy, you will never get board in your life. Being active all the time is healthy. Keep yourself working out, study, driving, eating, so you don't get board of your life. Always do anything to until you accomplished and do not leave it until you finished. For example, I go play soccer, so I wouldn't get board in my life. If you don't want to get board, make your self create anything, keep your brain thinking in everything, play sports, believe in your self that you can accomplish anything in the world. Do not get lazy anytime because if you got idle you will not be an accomplish person in live. Everyone will be proud of you when you accomplish something. You will be proud of yourself to that you accomplished something in your life. Always work hard, so you can get a good grade, and you will be proud of yourself. For example, I worked hard last year in World history and Geography and I passed the SOL, my dad and my mom both of them were proud of me and the whole family were proud of me, so you have to being working all the time. In my opinion people accomplish when they're always doing something. Always do your work and finished, so you can success. Always work hard and keep yourself busy, so you couldn't get boring. I know that some people will degree with me, but that's okay because everyone has different opinions, and my opinion was if you didn't work hard you will not get what you want. Let yourself work hard, so you can accomplish you work and success in your life. The best thing in life that you're done work and proud of your work. Always accomplish your work and get it done so you can be a successful person.  