Identifying a career in high school helps students prepare for their future. In some societies, students are expected to identify a career by the time they enter high school. Committing to a career as a young age it's a good idea.First, identifying a career in high school help students to achieve their goals a little earlier. For example, if they start to study and be familiar with a specific career, they can graduate early. Meaning they might not have to spend 4 years in college, as everyone else. They can probably graduate from college after 1-2 years of studying for their particular career. Since they're already going to have the knowledge from the courses of high school. Another example is, students can start to take their future in a mature and serious way. For example, those courses can help motivate students about wanting to have a better future. Meaning they can change their thoughts about not wanting to study for a career. And that they're the ones responsible for their own things. It can teach them that having a career is that important thing that it's going to take them somewhere in life. While some people think this is a good idea, some might not. Some people think that this is a waste of time. For example, students are going to have more things to worry about. Like studying more and passing extra classes. And this can cause for students to be mentally and physically tired. So they these people rather wait until college. However, waiting until college can be a little late because students aren't going to have enough time to think about a particular career they want. For example, once students are out to college, they need to have the career they're going to study for. And if they don't, they could pick one that they aren't really passionate about. Which causes more years in college, or them dropping out of college. And this can cause not having a great job, or future. To conclude, committing to a career as a young age is a good idea. It's a good thing for students to do it because it can help them to prepare for their future. Committing as a young age help them to achieve their goals a little earlier, which is amazing. It can help them to know what to expect when they go to college. Committing as a young age for a career can help students in so many ways, and these are examples in the ways it can help. 