Thomas Jefferson once said "Determine never to be idle... It is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing. I was so successful in life. You want to know why? It was because I was always keeping myself busy with work. We accomplish more if we are always doing something because you get more work done, you can be more successful, and you can be more healthy. First, you get more work done, for example I had a science project due in one month and I decided to get working on it until I had finished it, consequently I had more time to work on my other school work. My friend, Generic_Name she is always working at McDonald's, and she never takes any days off. She refuses to stay home and be lazy, therefore you will always see her working on something productive. It could be school work, her job, or anything else that benefits her. Generic_Name had a book project to do and since she was always working she accomplished more than her friend, Generic_Name. Secondly, you can be more successful, for example my cousin, Generic_Name was always exploring with cars until he found out he wanted mechanic to be his major. Since he knows a lot about cars he can always help people when their cars break down and can also make money that way. Generic_Name can later on open his own mechanic shop in the future. My friend, Generic_Name has also been very successful. She absolutely loves doing makeup on her and on other people. Generic_Name's makeup looks are so amazing she has become a famous makeup artist. I also became successful when I opened up my ballad shop. Every one loved the taste of my homemade tortillas filled with beans, eggs, avocado, and cheese. Finally, you can be more healthy, for example I go out to run each morning instead of sleeping in. Running outside in the morning can be very healthy because you are stretching your muscles to start the day. Although some people may think inactivity serves a purpose, they are incorrect because inactivity can be unhealthy. My friend, Generic_Name got in shape because he goes to Golds Gym every day after work. He rather goes to the gym on his free days instead of staying home watching Naruto because that will not benefit him. You can get more work done, you can be more successful, and you can be more healthy when you accomplish more if you are always doing something. Generic_Name, Generic_Name, Generic_Name, Generic_Name, and I benefited from always doing something productive instead of being inactive. Help me spread the word that always doing something is more beneficial and healthy than being inactive.