Everywhere you go, everyone or at least someone makes a plan for their future reference or goal. Many people don't have the time to accomplish their goal and others have. Everyone has a way to achieve or succeed in something they like. Others like to stay idle or not tend to move to achieve their goal. And other people like to do something to accomplish their goal. Thomas Jefferson wrote, "Determine never to be idle....it is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing." I totally agree to Thomas Jefferson's statement that, we accomplish more if we are doing something. To start with, doing something can help you plan, achieve, or complete your future goal quicker. For example, When you are given a task to complete you can't sit there idle to wait for someone to help you or wait for a magic to happen to complete your goal. If you want to graduate from high school and get to college with a scholarship, you will have to study hard to get to college. If you want to get a great permanent job, you still have to study hard and have a good resume. This will make you be faster with every work you be given to complete. Furthermore, doing something always makes you more active. For instance, when you fail an exam or possibly one or too many of them, you can't possibly say that you do not care about your score, you have to take action, study hard, and hope for the next exams you would make it to the top. Whenever I fail a text, even though I don't like to retake a text, I prepare for the next text we are going to have for the next unit and for all the rest unit we are going to learn. I like to learn ahead of the class because am not really smart to learn in class, so instead I learn and prepare ahead in class. Planning and taking notes in class or anywhere else can make you tend to do something than to sit there idle to plan your future. Making plans for the future helps you achieve or accomplish your goal. On the other hand, many people often argue that staying idle to achieve your goal will make you less stressful. They say that because people want to achieve their goal by doing something, they often take pills that will make them stay awake especially for the high schoolers'. They say this because most high schoolers' wants to achieve more, graduate and get a better college and a great permanent job, so they put all their might into studying and drinking and taking pills to stay awake, and some student often get sick but can't stop because they have been addicted to it. Although this may be valid, but doing something always makes you great and achieve your future goals and helps you to be more responsible in the future because in the future it will be easy for you to get a job and mostly half of every job will ask whether you have an experience or you being qualified for the job. And you probably don't know what's going to happen in the future so you to be prepared and planned for the future. In a nutshell, I like to plan my future goals and learn ahead of my class. Completing an action all the time will forever make you involve in important duties. It also helps you discover more. It can also help you improve in your studies and make you a successful person in the future. Furthermore, it will make you useful in your workplace. Many teachers and other colleagues will admire and respect you, and you can even turn out to be their model. You can get the college you have been always dreaming of and accomplish all your personal goals. 