Mar/14/2019Has the limitation of human contact due to the use of technology had positive or negative effects on people's lives? And many ways I think it does, and in others I think it doesn't. It depends on the person, that's what I believe. It has a positive effects in the way that it can help people that feel along entertain thyself without nobody, I don't think that there are many things nothing the worst then feel along. That can do bad things to people brains, and I am not saying that there is nothing worst, I mean be in prison, not had a job, die... and I had seen many people who prefer all those things before then be along, and checking out book, shopping, playing games, listening music in your favorite app, Pandora... or watching you favorite show in YouTube, Netflix or whatever other app that you use is a positive way of use the technology. But you know in the worth nothing is perfect, like my grandfather used to say "there has to be bad things, so that there could be good things". Every positive thing has to have it on negative thing.it has a negative effect on people lives because with the advice of the technology phone, and others the people are losing the interest in Norma things, like some people don't even care about family reunion. I mean I never really care about that staff neither. I always preferred to be with my cousin, and my childhood friends then be in my house talking about boring things, but now you can not have simple conversation with some people because when you are talking to them most of the time they are in they phone doing who knows what, and I don't know about you. But to me that's a disreperfull way to tell me that you don't care about what I'm saying, and that could make people dislike you. Technology is one of the greatest things ever invented, it made easier the communication, it gives entertainment to the people, it informs us of every that is happening in the worth, even in the space, and we don't have to read a whole book to find answer. Technology has made every easier, you can do almost anything, you can shop without leave your house, order food...and all this stuff made people lazy, maybe they ask thyself why should I do this when my small phone or computer can do it for me, why should I date someone to talk to them when I can do it by my phone, why should I have to have a conversation with somebody when there is a lot of thing that I can do in my phone or competed. And maybe you are going to keep asking the same question to yourself unto the day that there would be nobody by your side. In Conclusion the technology is something very good, if you use it just when you need it. Not letting it get into your mind.  