The author Ralph Waldo Emerson once wrote" To be in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment." Many people may agree with that, but there are also others who may disagree with his saying. I think would agree with Ralph Waldo Emerson, one because you don't have to worry what others think of you. Two, you feel relieved not pretending to be someone or something's you aren't. Last but not least three, people can see the real you. Ralph Waldo Emerson once wrote" To be in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment." I agree with Ralph Waldo Emerson because one, you don't have to worry what others think of you. Being yourself will most likely help you boost your confidence. If you worry about what other people think you will probably be stressing trying to become something you aren't. Think about what Ralph Waldo Emerson one wrote" To be in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment."" To be in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment." This is a quote that Ralph Waldo Emerson once wrote. People may agree or disagree everyone has their own opinion. I however agree with his quote because, if you're being yourself you'll feel relieved not pretending to be something or someone you aren't. Sometimes pretending to be someone or something you aren't can stress you out because you feel pressured. You feel like you need everyone to like you but will you feel good about yourself pretending. Ralph Waldo Emerson, the author who wrote" To be in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment." Why do most people agree with his quote, there could be many reasons? My reason to agree with Ralph's quote is because people can see the real you when being yourself. Not being yourself around your family, friends, and other people could make you feel less confident about yourself or your actions. Pretending can make you feel guilty, it could make you feel like you're lying to someone about yourself, so think about it. The author Ralph Waldo Emerson once wrote" To be in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment." As I said many people agree and many disagree we are all entitled to our own opinions. If you ask me I completely agree with his quote because, one you don't have to worry what others think of you, two you feel relieved not pretending to be someone or something's you aren't, and three people can see the real you. Become yourself or do what make you feel comfortable. Think to yourself, before choosing what's best for you.