We should have after school homework club because, some students need help with their classwork, some students don't pay attention, and they could use after school to understand the topic and what they have to do, and they could improve their grade for classwork and homework. For example when I was in Elementary school, I used to stay after school for homework club because I couldn't understand anything, so I stayed after and got help from my teacher. To begin with the homework club is good because for some students that need help could stay after with her/his teacher and do what they have to do with their teacher. Also, they could get help by finishing their homework and classwork. Some students go home and ask their parents for help, but some parents doesn't remember the question or don't know how to do it. So it's helpful for students to have homework club and get help from their teacher. My other reason is that some students doesn't understand the question, and it's hard for somebody that doesn't understand their language. For example when I came here three years ago I didn't know any English neither my parents so I had to stay after, and get help from my teacher to understand what is the question asking me to do. Another example would be when students don't pay attention in class or fall a sleep it's good for them to stay after school and get help from their teacher to understand.Finally, students could get improve by staying after and learn better. Some students have bad grade for homework or their classwork, so they could stay after to get improved. Also, students can improve their understanding. For example my cousin use to have bad grade for homework, so he stayed after school, and got help from his teacher, and learn better, and got improved. Lastly all of these reasons and details are why school should have after school homework club. Students need help with their homework and to get improve. Also, some students don't have time in classrooms to ask their teacher for help, so they could stay after school and get help after school. Teacher also can support students to stay after school and do their homework.