Generic_Name is working hard to be owner of his dream car, but he has some issues to complete it because he has a negative attitude and that don't let him success in his goals. Most of the people does not have their goals done because they are not positive.a positive attitude is the key to success in life because they have positivism, life challenge, and people are secure of them self. First, A positive attitude is the key to success in life because they have positivism. For example, Generic_Name is a person who always think positive in his life, school,and his work. That is why he is not afraid for any challenge in his life. Another example, Generic_Name is always positive in her life because she complete every challenge with positivism, and she works hard to success in her goals. Second, A positive attitude is the key to success in life because life challenge. For example, Generic_Name is a person with a positive attitude because he looks everything like a life challenge, and he thinks to be success in life we will have some challenge, and he never gives up. Another example, Generic_Name works hard to complete is work, and he is always prepared to any challenge in his work and he always looks everything with a positive attitude. Third a positive attitude is the key to success in life because people are secure of them self. For example, Generic_Name is a student who has success in his life he has an excellent job, and he has an excellent school year because he is secure of himself. Another example, Generic_Name has a success in her life because she has every of her goals done has a family a perfect job because she is secure of herself. Some people might say a positive attitude is not the key to be successful;however, they are wrong because the person who has a positive attitude is secure of them self, and they never give up because they are secure about what goals they want to complete. In conclusion, most of the people has to have positivism, life challenge, and been secure of our self is a form to has positive attitude and has success in our life. To be successful person we have to be with a positive attitude. Most of the people is positive when they finish their goals with success because they are secure of them self, and they never give up with any challenge, and they always have positivism. NEXT TIME you wants to success in your life change your attitude to a positive attitude to complete your goals and be success in your life.