People can make their own decisions because they can do anything they like, something they already goal on for a long time. Nobody like to do something that they don't want it, they have their own chose of life decisions on what they want to be or what they want to do. However, some decisions they may have are a hard way or easy way, the hard way is they have to try hard in life: study so you can have a good grade and work hard, the easy way is they have to put stuff or money on the first start of they future decisions, is a short way but is really hard and not all people can make that decisions depend on if they want it or not. Also depend on where they at in life for an example: people have a lot of money the way they want their decisions on future is more short because they don't worry about other thing tact or payment and people are not have a lot of money the way they start their future decisions are longer because they have to worry about a lot of money tact, payment, pay for their car, ... also they have a to work more extra hard for they decision. I meet a friend, he was gone to school and work in the same time he was about to out of high school and go to college but he made a bad decision on his life, he about to out of high school, but he stops, and he said to me that "go to work are making more money than go to school" so he stops school, his job now is doing nail that job does sometime do a lot of money and sometime don't, and he doesn't want to try more hard, he can go to college and later on got a good job make more money than Nail but lose that chance, and it changes his live forever now he can't take it back. And my brother was the same thing, he was gone to college for 2 year and then he doesn't want to be in college more so design to work, if he continues on college maybe he got a better job. So sometime people have to think of what about to happen in their future and design what they going to be in future lean on what they have and about to have. People can make their own decision but sometimes they need help, so others can support their life decisions. However, a lot of people don't know what they going to do in a future, they don't know what they like or interesting job to do on future, so they are stuck, they need help to chose their stuff that may interest them later on in life. The chose they have and everything that happen around them to make their own future decisions, and all the support from people around or family can make it better decisions on their own life. They have to design their own life, work hard, so they can have a good life on future and do anything they want. If people work hard enough so later on their children can easier to make their decisions about their own life. 