The term success has a different meaning for everyone, but still it is what everyone wants. No matter what the goal is, in order to approach that goal, and to be successful you need hard work. I believe the majority will agree with this statement, but everyone does not agree, and talk about positive attitude. People miss the importance of positive attitude which is the key for success. Chances in life comes and goes that some might not even see. All the hard work has no meaning if there is no pay back for this hard work. Losing the sight while working hard causes to miss the train, but having positive attitude makes individuals seek for opportunities. If the goal is success, then missing the chance to making it come true must be avoided. When individuals miss the first chance they think there is no more chance, and they loose the rest of there positivity. Even in our daily life, when we start of our they negatively; the rest of the day follows that bad influence, and makes us miss the good parts of the day. Having a negative environment affects the individuals the worst way possible, especially if the individual does not have a positive attitude to fight back. Fighting back with a positive attitude is also going to influence others to have a better view, so it does not just affect the individuals' success, but others too. When we take a look at the most famous entrepreneurs we see how a great environment they have, and how successful the people around them is, like they are. It is the positive attitude that spreads the influence and makes a better habitat. The positive influence follows itself and creates a better habitat, and a better habitat will cause success. Reaching to the best of the goal is impossible without hard work. There has to be an effort to find the right way, but having the negativity is going to close the door for opportunities. However, setting up a positive mind set is the part what individuals miss. Positive attitude is what is going to bring the opportunities, and make the individuals create their own chances. Famous entrepreneurs like Elon Musk would not be the Elon Musk that we know today if he did not have the positive attitude. Elon Musk created a company named "SpaceX" for Spacecraft, and if he gave up on the first failure, and did not have the positive attitude, he would have never reached to his goal, and be successful. He created his own chance to success with positive attitude. In conclusion, positive attitude has a big influence on success. Every individual can have a different explanation for their goal, and the goal is the positive influence in their life. Trying to make the positive influence in your life without positive attitude is impossible. Positive attitude is the key to success.