Student would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because its give you education when you are not able to go school to get education, like handcart people who can't go school for study, but they want to study, its give you education when you stay in home. People don't want to go school they can do distance learning. Practically education which help to get success in our life. Online and video conferencing help your education strong. You can ask anything, you can search anything which help to solve your problem, which help to get you some knowledge. Student doesn't like to school because student are lazy. But if student are lazy and they don't want to go school for study distance learning help you to complete your education. Now it is a 2018 lots techknowleg are made day by day which help you to get knowledge from different sources. Distance learning help to save your pocket money, if you go school to get an education you need few money for lunch. This student who have a car to go school, they can save their gas money which help to save your money. this student who like to stay home and study distance learning help you. Distance learning help you every single second of your life. If you go or move anywhere and there is no any school for study it helps you to get knowledge about every thing. YouTube and gewgaw is the one of popular online and video conferencing in this generation because every body need YouTube for learning. A person who worked in hotel, and he forgot the step how to make lamb meat. He was waiting 10 minute for his friend to get some clues, but his friend didn't come to help him. He takes out his cellphone and search on YouTube and gewgaw. He found a lot of idea and clues to make lamb meat. Those people who already graduated they also need an online educated because study and education was never ending. Some students are really talented from their childhood because they're already entering the distance learning. these 2018 kids are really powerful mind. A kid who just 5 years old he already how you to used mobile, how to use computer, this types of education also know a distance learning but not given by school. School gives a distance learning education not only for graduation, its give you education for whole life. Some people are blind, handicap etc. Those people have really problem to walking, who can't walk this distance learning help you every single movement of your life. These all are the benefit of distance learning which is provided from school. I am positive for distance learning education because it its best way of study theroritacaly and practically. Sometimes doesn't have answer when you need, but distance learning have a different type of answer form. Distance learning t is not only for handicap people it is good and beneifitablefor everyone small kid to the youngest people all over the world. So I am positive with distance learning.