Based on what I read in the sentence. What he said is something very important because there are a lot of people that spend their life. Doing just one thing, they never try something new they mind be thought the in the future would be use less, or they just don't feel like they actually need it but if you get more experiences you will grow as a person and based on experiences too. For example. When you start growing u learn a lot of things that make you a better person. You know that there is a person that want to learn new things, even if he's young, but you know things like that adults know that make you be an older person. In the way that you know things that persons that have you same age not, but you know that you have some other responsibilities, because based on what you know your life have to about on that things that you know, or you make or that things that you learn. For example, you go to school that is a place where you learn and where you have been Intel you graduate because if you know more you have more opportunities to be successful, and I'm agree on his moment why? Let told you the reason. A lot of people never try new things like if you are a teacher and after like 5 years you don't feel like to teach more. You can try to be something else that help you to grow more based on experiences because if you try more things like other jobs or try to study something else like gone be rich on experience because many people sometimes get stuck on one thing, but everything in this world have a solution but to get your goals is not an easy thing you have to sacred many things that you love. For example your hobbies or your family or other events, but at the end of the day you have everything you ever wish because you deserved and you work so hard to get it. And you start see the success that you have. You would see that all you did to get there was correct and that make you grow because you have more experience. Nothing is impossible. For example if you are the owner of a little restaurant, and you want to your restaurant grow more, and more but you remember that you study business, and also you work for a restaurant and on that restaurant you were a manager, so you have the experience and if you know how spend money, and you make a good marketing plan you can be successful, and you will grow as a person and as experiences. In addition, I think he's right because how I have been saying if you know more you have experience, and you can a have better jobs and that way you growing you have opportunities more chances to be a better on your life and unless you try something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow. Based on your experiences.