People always check out the books in the library, after finished Reading a book then turn in and another books If you want. If you do not finisher the reading a book, you pick then you can recheck the book again in the library. People play the game on the phone, or some people play the game in the computer and online and most people interested play the game on TV. People can shop whatever they want clothes, shoes, make up, toys, game, and Food anything. Also people going to they are First market for shop whatever they need and some people going to the shop target, for Food or clothes. Most people won't because they like shop to the Rose low price better Quaalude. Some people going to the shop for Food, in the Food line and most people around the story found whatever they need. Most people are going to the toys' story because they kid like to play with toys and game board, some people like shop to the mall. Some students like sports play with team, no all students are play same thing and some like football, basketball, tennis, soccer, band and baseball. Most people like to watching sports and a lot of people watch on TV. Some people going to the watching real game play in the Field and whatever sports they kid play, they like to watch. Most people like to watching the game all the time football, baseball and basketball. Whatever game was they interested then they are always watching on TV and going to the watch real game. Most people really like reading a book because they're learning a lot of things in the books and some people didn't like reading a book very much. They didn't very good it's reading or uncountable, and they don't know how to read a book. Most people know how to read a book but they doesn't want to read aloud front of people. Also, a lot of people parties reading a book and who learning English in the world. They like to read a long, because some people shy read with others people. Most people read a book a lot they use to they can better It. Most girls like beauty shop because they like to make up, and dress up all the time. Some people have a lot of Fun watching game because they like watch they game. Most girls like shopping a lot because shop is Fun things to do, looked like cool on dress. Most people play sports because they have so much Fun and make a lot of new Friends and sports is usually really Fun thing to do. People come watching you If you are win people called your name loud, and they are parent sprout of them.  