Have you heard about this awe son!! Place, where no matter what you do, you will be amazed for all the things that are in that wonderful park? Well.... that one place is Generic_City park. Generic_City park it's located in Pennsylvania and is one of the places I would like to go there with my family. One of the reasons is because there are great attractions, like roller coasters and games. One thing I would like to see as soon as I arrive is the Chocolate factory and the Lazy river that is in the Aquatic park. As I said before, "There are awesome attractions generic_City park" let me talk to you about this amazing roller coaster I would love to ride and the name of that roller coaster is 'The Super Cooper Cooper'. The Super Cooper Cooper is one of the greatest roller coasters and the reason is that this roller coaster has more loops than the other attractions and one of the loops is huge. But that's just the beginning, there is also one section in Generic_City park that I would like to go too, and is the area where all the video games are, and you can win tickets every time you win a game. You can win prizes with those tickets, and you can also buy food near that place. I also said that I wanted to see the chocolate factory. The chocolate factory shows you the process of how they make that delicious chocolate, you can see everything there, from the beginning to the end, that is one of the best places I would love to go because you can't only see how they make chocolate, you can also buy it and feel the taste of the best chocolate ever 'Kisses'. The chocolate 'kisses' is one of my favorite chocolates that's why I would like to see the chocolate factory. The aquatic park it's the best place to not feel to hot when is super sunny outside. Everybody sweats when they scream and feel the adrenaline of the roller coasters. After all of that you want to just relax and enjoy your day after walking and waiting in line, Well the Lazy River is one of the pools you would like to go in while you do nothing. The lazy river is one of all the attraction I would like to go. The fun part is that in the lazy river is that you can talk with your friends, and enjoy the journey after a long and fun day. And that is one of the places that I would like to go, and maybe you would like to go, because Generic_City Park is a fun place where you can have fun with your family and friends, and have an amazing and unforgettable day, with so much adventures and fun.