Why should students identify their career by the time they enter high school?some people say that Students should identify their career by the time they enter high school. Their courses of study in high school are selected to guide them toward their future life. Students could study on their future work, to become better and have a better knowledge on what they do, get more money and respect at the same time. One student may think of Ben a Doctor but have no idea how to come one of this dream work, so these students take biology class or others student can think of Ben a manager this student have a chance of been one because in high school that teach blitheness classes or economy class. Students have many chose in high school to become who they want to be. Students also could learn how to take responsibility by doing a little thing like doing their Class work, Homework, and also by doing some school activities. Students are mostly scored to take a responsibility by them safe but doing a little thing can Chang every thing for their future. Students could be participating in sport at their school, they can be playing profession in the future or even while their in high school. They can get a scholarship by playing any tap of sport at the same time they can have fun. In one school there are many kinds of sports like soccer, basketball,football, tennis,race, etc... sport can help one student mentally or finally. Most student expense theirs elf by using sport, that make friends, becoming one big family.However, some people things that it is a good timing for students to identify their career by the time they enter high school, Their courses of study in high school are selected to guide them toward their future life. Some do not thing it is a good thing to do. As some people said making teenagers chose his/her career is wrong because teenagers age is what old people call it as "The fire age" to make big chose like this, so they can west their time doing something that was not meat for them. Some people come up with some idea like counselors make a good chose bathed on their grad in model school, or wait for the students to finish 9th grader than make a chose for him/her the best thing to study instead of the students making wrong choice. Students make the wright choice and identify their career by the time they enter high school!