What do you think about a program that school provides to pair the younger students with the older students? It can be an excellent choice for the younger students and the older students. Therefore, many younger students have less experience than the older students, so the older students have more experience than them. Older student have already halfway done going to the school. Also, it has a great effect on them to be a good student. This program would help both the older and the younger student in responsibilities, socialization and improving behaviors. Certainly, this program could help both the older and the younger student in taking care of their own responsibilities. They both can get some useful knowledge that it might be helpful for them to take care of their responsibilities. It could make a good change on how they used to do their chores and homework. Taking care of responsibilities is hard but if they work together than it will get easier and better on it. It will make them productive and helpful on doing works. Like I said, it will also be useful for their future, when they will have job and other things to do. However, this program could help both the older and the younger students in socialization. It will make a great change on how they used to work in group. Usually, younger students don't like to talk to the older students, so it can make them be more confident to talk to others. Some older and younger students like to be anti-social but if they join the program and work together than it will make them social. It will make a good impact in spending time with others and playing outdoor games. Also, it will affect them in good way to make some new friends. Therefore, this program will also help both the older and younger students in improving behaviors. If the older students are not respecting and talking polite with others than it will change them. Like I said, it will also help them both improve on how they used to treat other peoples. It will help them to speak a good language and be nice to the people they don't know. Also, it will have a good impact on their future when some students will like to a teacher when they grow up and teach their students about behaviors. In the conclusion, this program could be really helpful for both of them. It could affect both of them to learn something new that they have not known about yet. Therefore, it could be a great program for the school to start and earn money. This program could developed their minds in a good way that will impact their future and their daily life. It could be great and wonderful to learn the things that the students have been struggling in. Also, it will lead them to be a good student and a good person when they grow up. 