Do you challenge yourself often? In this society today do you think we challenge ourselves by making harder goals or easier goals? Michelangelo had stated a quote that proves how society is today and how we set goals we know we can achieve rather than set harder ones and give up when it's not accomplished as quickly as you thought it would be. For instance, it can be the littlest things that you wouldn't realize such as, doing your bed in the morning is challenging, but you know you can do it, so you make your bed every morning. Furthermore, Setting easier goals that you know you are capable of achieving gives you an opportunity to continue to create more and more goals as time goes by. When you accomplish something it makes you feel like you can do many more things leading to something bigger. For example, when you study for a test, and you take the test the next day then later received an amazing score you challenge yourself to study every night before a test rather than take a risk and challenge yourself to study the same day as the test because you think you would remember it better. We give ourselves goals we know we can achieve and play it safe rather than challenges because it's easier. Such as, knowing your limits and knowing what you're capable of accomplishing. For example, you would rather do something you already know instead of doing something you have no idea what to do in, and no longer enjoy it therefore, you stick to what you know you would enjoy by knowing your limits. Finally, Giving yourself a harder goal and not achieving it frustrates you and can cause you to give up on your goal. When you don't know how to do something it's frustrating, and you just give up for example, In the movie frozen Elsa was forced to keep her powers a secret and to no longer use them, but she tried using them and froze Ana's heart because she was frustrated. Elsa tried to challenge her self and try to use her powers but since it was so difficult she got overwhelmed and started hurting people In conclusion, People prefer to set easy goals that they are able to achieve because it inspires you to continue to do multiple goals instead of one challenging one that you know is too hard. People need to realize that it's okay to have many goals instead of one big challenge goal that can make you lose interest in things 