What is something you would like to do in the future? Well I, for one, want to become a forensic scientist later on in life. Now others, just wish for money or want the job that pays the most, but I do not. I want this job because I think I could really be happy with this job, I could feel like I have a purpose in life with that job, also as an added bonus I could be near the police force, and I have always admired the police force because of their bravery. that's why this is going to be what I want to accomplish. First and foremost, I want this job because I could truly be happy. I love working by myself because I would get to work at my own pace and not have to worry about slowing down for others. And I really feel this is a good way of helping to get justice without getting in the action. For example, I could help the police catch criminals by helping with fingerprinting. And that's why I feel I could be happy with that job. Additionally, I would take that job because I would always get to be around the police force. And I admire them so much for their courage and bravery. Something that we have in common is that we both want to help people. One time I saw someone take someone's purse and the police officer chased him and pinned him down and returned the purse. The way I see police officers is that they love to help other people. Lastly, and the most important to me, in this job I would get to feel that I am helping people on a regular basis by getting justice for them. Because most of the time I just hate myself for not helping others more often. People deserve better than me, but I can not change overnight so all I can do right now is hope, that in the future I can be better. But in the meantime the things I can do are the little things because those are the things that count the most. In summary, I can tell you the future is under control for me, I have a dream and I hope I can accomplish it. On another note the future is in all of our hands if we work together that future can be the brightest it can be. We can all decide what we want to do or be, but we can be nice and to me that's all that matters. I hope whoever is reading this has a wonderful dream too.