If you wake up a day, and you asked yourself what make a person different from others let me tell you that you are not the only one there are many others asked the same (which is weird). But like John Lubbock says" your character will be what yourself choose to make it". I agree with John Lubbock because it is important that you have to choose what will be your character traits and this are my reason. First reason is you create your own personality. The second reason is the are not monotonous. And the last reason having others people respect. When we create our own personality is means in a group of friend we are the funny, the serious, or the person the never pay attention what the other friend is saying (that is me I never pay attention what my friends is saying). Have your own personality is important because that is what make you unique when don't permit the other people influences with idea. When a person is monotonous is they don't have a different way to do the work they always are going to do the same every single thing for example in art class the teacher make a painting of a sundown, and then they have to the same painting all the student is going to put their own style to the same painting, but this student is make a replica of the teacher work he doesn't put a different style or a different color. Some people may say that be different of the other people is no important. However, having your own personality is very important and that is my third reason, having your own personality can get other people respect and some is gonna says why you are talking about. Well get respect from the others' people with your personality can be healthful because when you are good leader the workers respect you, and they work more and if you still confused well let me ask you if you work with boss the is always angry, and he is always yelled you will be comfortable to work (I don't believe) or your boss is always making jokes you know to be "cool" you will respect him (I don't believe). In conclusion is does matter what other people say or what they influence you always have to be you.