Do you think students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home? I agree with this statement I have three reasons why I think students should be able to attend classes from home. One reason is some students have an a lot of responsibilities at home and sometimes students aren't able to go to school. Some might have kids, and they need to stay home to take care of there kid because nobody can babysit. That's really hard for a student to do. Trying to go to school and have a kid can be very stressful to the student. My second reason I have for this statement is some students feel comfortable having class in their own safe environment where they feel comfortable and not anxious. There are some students that have anxiety and are not able to function in a classroom full of students that can be really hard for a person because it's not easy trying to get your work done in a classroom full of students and dealing with anxiety. That can be very stressful I feel like a student should comfortable in there learning environment because when they are comfortable they achieve better in there work. They can focus better and get work done and won't be distracted by anyone there are a lot of benefits with that. Parents would also agree that having the child in an environment that they are comfortable in is the best way to keep there child focused and willing to pass there classes without any distractions that the child doesn't need. My third reason I agree with this statement is students can feel more determined to do there work at home in a quiet place its very helpful to the students needs to be successful. Some students get distracted easily and can't in a classroom so attending class at home helps the student concentrate and perform better with there work. Another reason is parents would feel comfortable with their child being at home doing school work where they are safe and focused on the right things which is school work. Some students find it easier to do things online than in a classroom so it's all about personal preference and I agree with this because it could be hard trying to understand what the teacher is saying or talking about. It's good to have a sense of understanding when it comes to learning something that's very important for students. My conclusion to this statement is that I agree, and I think it is a great idea for schools to offer this to students because it gives students a chance to be at home and pass there classes with no distractions. It also gives them an opportunity to succeed and graduate. I also agree about doing school online because some students find it easier and better than being in a classroom all day and not being able to understand the teacher. I also like this because you can do your class work where ever you are you don't have to be at home if you have somewhere to be you can take a laptop and do work. Furthermore, I think doing online class works for a busy student schedule it's all around is a good idea, and I am happy that schools are letting students do online classes it's a big benefit for them that's why I agree with this statement.  