If I choose my specific job, I would choose to be a surgeon and a doctor because my main goal and dream is to help people in life and prevent people from getting sick. I can fix people if they have any medical problems in life. I was reading books about doctors and I started to get interested becoming one. Being a doctor is a lot of hard work, I love doing hard work because hard work makes you pay off. My parents told me don't do something what you think it's fun, do something what you love, what I want to do and love to do in life is to become a doctor. I sometimes mainly do hard work because of money, one of my main goals is to get a lot of money. I need money to buy a house, have children, and taking care of my family. Doctors get a lot of money when they do hard work, it's not easy to become one. Hard work makes you feel tired, but at the same time you relax and get a lot of money. Money is not important in life, when you have a lot of money, the first thing I think about is family first, then I think anything I want on the second thought. My uncle is a doctor, I learn a lot from him how you become a doctor. He told me to read some doctor books at this age and then when I get to my senior year, that's when he told me to think about becoming a doctor. How my uncle become a doctor is he going to medical school for 7-8 years, but I want to be different from him, I want to become a surgeon and a doctor. My uncle is just a doctor, but he still works for surgeons but doesn't do actual surgery to people. My uncle was the one who got me most interested becoming a doctor. I would mostly become a surgeon than a doctor because I read mostly about surgeries, and it gets me even more interested. Surgery is not that disgusting when you get used to it, that's why I read a lot of surgeon books. When I first thought of surgery, I thought it was really disgusting, but then my uncle told me a lot about it, then I stopped the disgusting part. My favorite part about surgery is fixing people, I feel happy that I'm fixing the person. The main reason why I want to become a surgeon is because I want to get a lot of money to take care of my family, and I want to help people in life.  