I strongly believe art classes such as drama, acting, and music should not be a requirement for students. I also strongly believe that students should have freedom to choose which elective him or her want's to take. A student that has the freedom to choose his or hers electives, he or she views the classes as more divers fun and interactive, then required art classes. First of all most people believes that all students are required to take art class, music, and drama class. Most of all others think that students will actually cooperate to there fullest, and pass the class with higher letter grads. Like in an unrequited class most students will not actually take the art classes seriously, and fail with low letter grades. In comparison, students with a required class will most likely take the class seriously knowing if they don't tighten up, and do what is asked they'll get low grades on multiple assignments like projects, class projects, and event tests. An nonparticipating student score will drop significantly. Which in fact they are wrong student shouldn't have to take the art classes to begin with. In my true opinion student should have the chance to express his or her true feelings, and reach a main goal in life. People aren't going to tell use students what career paths to fallow we simply choose our own paths. Really in fact art classes should be an elective instead of it having to be required. Art classes are fun I my self take art by choose and enjoy ever single part of it. Again arts should not be a requirement for students it is unethical, and unheard of as far as I know. Music, drama, and art class are three amazing electives, and forever will be electives. What sense is it to make an art class a requirement to pass? No sense in my opinion art allows us students to express out inner happiness, the deepest emotions, and embrace them. However, at the end of the day art classes should be and always stay an elective. What use will it be to us students in the real world? No use at all, unless a student wants to fallow a career path in art. All the more reasons why I know art classes such as drama, acting, and music classes should not be a requirement for students. Electives are much more divers, fun, and interactive. Also, students should have the freedom to choose his or her electives. There is no sense in making an art class a requirement for use students. Most students are not fallowing a type of care in art, and will not be of much use to us in the future. 