Has the limitation of humans contact due to the use of technology had positive effects on people;s lives. I think should humans has limitation contact because to save their lives from destroyed. In the rest of this easy I will say that why limitation of contact to the use of technology is important and has positive effects. Also, limitation of humans contact to the use of technology is good for our health and body. Anyway, what information can give us technology in our entire life. I will explain why we should have limitation of contact OT using technology. First, Why limitation of contact to the use of technology is important and has positive effects; It seems to me that, when I used too much my phone I feel so pain in my eyes and head because I didn't have limitation of contact to the use of my phone. And phone, computers .... is part of technology to help people contact with each other, and we should have limitation of contact to using these technology when we need, we can use technology. Second, limitation of humans contact to the use of technology good for our health and body because when we use a lot our body going to hurt, and we always feel sick, and we can not each food as much is we need, fell depressed. That's why limitation of humans contact to the use of technology has positive effects. For example some people destroyed their eyes because of using to mach technology. Third, what information can give us technology in our entire life. Technology is the biggest things which is we need in our life to do, technology is not the only using phones, computer, robots. Technology can change our life without technology we can not contact the world with humans and information about world. In conclusion, I have to sat that has humans limitation of contact to use technology because has positive effects. We have taken care our health and body to save from dangerous happening with technology. In addition, technology has a lot information which is we need for now, past and for our future. Finally, in my opinion technology can help us a lot in our whole life but, also can destroyed our life. Every one knows that without technology life is hard but, if we have to save our health also. With technology our life going to easy also can hurt one life.