One day a random lady came up to me and called me gorgeous, and it made my day even better. The small things matter to someone. It helped me to show kindness to others because it impacted me and I want to impact others. Once you show small acts of kindness it can lead you to a better life. When people show small acts of kindness it can help someone's attitude to improve, it can make someone's day better, help someone become a better person, and can help someone to go through some hard times. Showing small acts of kindness can help someone's attitude to improve by doing things that make them happy. Telling them what's wrong to say to someone, so they know to not say it. Show love towards them because the attitude they have might may be awful, but showing them love can help it improve a lot. Finally, they will slowly improve it might take time. The most important part is having a good attitude towards them even if you think it's not going to help it is because you're showing them how to give a good attitude back to anyone. Helping someone's day better is by giving them a compliment it can effect them in the most positive way you can think of. Text them good morning and good night because you never know if there having a rough morning and night shows that you care. If you see them sad give them the biggest hug it can easily brighten up their mood. Showing them acts of kindness can help them show kindness to others. SPREAD KINDNESS ALL OVER THE WORLD!!!! You won't regret it. Showing acts of kindness will not just benefit the person, but it will also make you a better person. Helping someone become a better person can be easy, or it can be hard it depends on the way you do it. Doing little things can easily make someone a better person by giving them a smile or a hug. Once you're helping someone become a better person can help you as well ! Most important is being yourself nobody is perfect in this world is okay to take a deep breath and relax everyone cares for you. Finally, a small acts of kindness can help to go through some hard times is by being there for them in general you never know what there going through. Ask what's wrong and if their not comfortable telling you let them take their time it might be hard for them at first, but they'll get used to it. Hang out with them 24/7 keep them active, so they can forget everything they have been thinking of recently. Be there for their family's as well they can also be going through a lot too. How can you show small acts of kindness to others?  