In my opinion, students should take electives instead of music, drama, or arts. Some students may dislike being in music or drama because they don't have experience to be singing or drawing. They should focus on what they are good at for themselves. One reason that students should take electives, they will pay attention to their classes and finish up their work to get the credit. Some students can't multitask if they do drama class and math at the same time. They would have to focus on the important things that they're good at. Students shouldn't be wasting time on taking drama or music classes because they may not be interested in doing those classes. It'll be easier for the students to learn more with their assignments, instead of worrying about arts or dram classes. For example, during in my junior year, the school wanted me to take art and music. I never wanted to take art because I knew I would be awful at drawing and fail the class. I had to take music also, I was horrible playing the guitar, and I was failing in that class. Furthermore, I've told the teacher that I couldn't take art nor music because I wasn't great at it. Furthermore, I just wanted to focus on my course classes, so that I can graduate and get pass all my classes to graduate my year. Second reason that students shouldn't take it, they will finish with their course classes and will get to graduate their year. It's hard when some students can't do what others can do at drama or musics. It'll be the best opportunity for the students to focus and work hard on their course classes. They should not worry about the electives because that can be done at the end of the year. They won't have to stress about their grades to be below F if they don't take the electives. Furthermore, they wouldn't stress about taking electives and course classes at the same time because it'll stress them out. Last reason, students shouldn't take advantage of making themselves work more as they are now. They should only worry about their course classes because those are the only classes that will make them graduate. Some students have no talent or experienced to do art or to be in musics classes. It's better for them to finish their course classes and then at the end, they can take their electives. Therefore, these are the reasons why students shouldn't be required to take classes in arts, musics, or drama.  