This world has many energy and resources, but we have to something to conserve all of them. Some businesses have adopted a four-day work week, to try to conserve energy and resources, but they work ten hours each day that's mean that they're still doing the same thing because they are working the same hours weekly. So I think this is not a good idea to conserve energy and resources, should my school follow this model by extending the school day two hours? I would say that my school should not follow this model because students would not have time to do things, students might miss a lot of school, and is the same thing is like we come the five days to school. We would not have time to our things because it is going to be a long day two hours more, so we are going to be tired we might not want to do our homework. Something's we have to do our personals things like help at home, or some other stuff that we need to do such as have fun with our family, or do what we like to do as play soccer, play video games, etc. I know that school is more important, but not the majority of the students' thing like that. We would have to do all the things over the weekend, we might not spend time with our family because we would have been doing homework, or some other stuff like personal things. Also, some students only would go home to sleep because like I say we would be tired too much work at school. Even the teachers would not have time to plan what would be the assignment the next day, I know that they need time to plan in what we have to work on the next day, but they have to do things in their house as we the students too they also have homework to do after school. This is going to one problem that I think must happen if this school extend the school day two hours more. We might miss a lot of day of school because something's we have appointments as go to the Doctor, or go somewhere else also do some important things. Some students might decide to not come to school because they have to go the appointment. As we know some students miss a lot of school on this day if school extend the day they might miss more day of school because they might say that is too long the day, or if they have a project to do and is a big project (we get out until 5:00PM), so we have to finish in whole night supposing we finish the project until 3:00AM, in the morning we're not going to wake up because we are tired, we would miss the day of the school also we would not turn it in the project (It was the only day that we would have to turn it in), so we didn't get the grade for the project. Also, teachers would have problem with their children for example if they have their children in a day care ID they only work until 5:00PM they have to run to get they children, but if there is traffic, so they would be late. They might have to paid extra money to someone can pick up their children. Even when we come for the five-days per eight hours we have more time to do our thing that we have to do after school. Some people might say that they support to come to school to a four-day school week and extend the day two hours because we would have three free days. However, is going to be the same if we come the five days per eight hours because we would come ten hours per day, so ten per four is equal to forty hours for day (this is if we come four-day a week), so eight per five is equal to forty hours (this is if we come the five days per eight hours). We would still use the energy and resources at the same amount as we used to do it now, as we see is the same thing if we come to school the five days per eight hours. We need something that help us to conserve energy and resources not something that would give the same amount the are using now. Finally, I think this is not a good idea to conserve energy and resources because we would use the same amount that we're using right now. My school should not follow this model because they have to think that consequences of people would miss a lot of school they might be tired too much work in one day of school to long one day, we would not have time to do our things at home like homework, personal things, and we would not have time to have fun by doing what we like to do as play soccer, or other stuff, and is going to be the same thing if we come to school the five days per eight hours. We have more time to do our homework, to do what we like to do like to have fun, and spend time with our family when we come the five days per eight hours. If we really want to conserve energy and resources we have to find something that is going to be successful, not something that would give us the same result.  