Is it good idea for students to commit to a career at a young age? For example, I got an academics' scholarship into George Mason. With that scholarship I earned and worked so hard I could have a high chance of becoming a banker or someone who runs money and I have been committing to this career from 8th grade. Knowing and committing to a career puts you on a very head spot in life and also on what you want to become. First off, having a head start of knowing what career you want in High School puts you on a spot that you're a head. People who don't know what careers they want, gives them a struggle because when you get to College or finish High School they would be in a position of not knowing what to do after. The stress will build up, over thinking, anxiety, give up, depression, and lastly the most important going to the wrong path. But people who know what career they want in High School will be ready for what college they should go to, what classes to take, after college they'll be applying to jobs, and lastly, doing something they always wanted to become or do since High School. For example, I have a friend who just turned 20, He always told me about what career he wanted to do and his plan after High School. A year ago, I asked him about his career and plan. He already has a job of what he wanted since High School but at the age of 19 and also told me he was thankful for staying with the career he always wanted and never gave up. He also told me, It wasn't easy to become what he wanted and no matter what if you want something, keep pushing and never give up because soon you'll be proud or yourself. Secondly, The stress of committing a career from High School is less than not having one. People who already know what they want to become or do will have their challenges because it won't be easy to getting up there. For example, people who already know what they want will face tests, projects, public projects, quizzes, finals, etc. But that's only what they have to face. For the people who don't know what they want to do, will start worrying about what they want to do, stressing over why they didn't think of a career in High School, over thinking, etc. It's better if you know what you want to become early than late because it could waste your time if you start late instead of starting early or on time. Lastly, having to learn different careers is good, but it'll sometimes be confusing, over whelming, stress, anxiety, etc. But just knowing one career you'll be able to focus on that specific career. Trying to push yourself passing those limits, making yourself you can do it, never giving up, and reaching your goal. Having to learn many careers is very good, because you know a lot and a high chance of getting many jobs. But learning and staying one career is better because you will know what to do in a mil of a second. People would want to hire you because how fast and hard worker you are. It's better to have a head start from everyone than being last. Therefore, knowing and commuting to one career puts you on a very good spot. For example having a head start, less stress involved, and lastly choosing you love since High School. Finally, these are the reasons why it is a good idea for students in High School to commit to a career at a young age. So what, are you going to commit to a career at a young age because time is clicking, and soon it'll be too late. 