When did you decide to research your future job? Students should start thinking of a certain career they would want to encounter by the time they reach high school. By the time students reach high school they must have a job they're interested in. If students start viewing the concepts they need, they can become what they want to be. Also, by starting early with a goal, researching, and acknowledging goals they can find a job that they would like. Also, will have a distinct idea on how to succeed. First step, In most societies students start researching different jobs at a young age, so they know what they want to become in the future. Research helps students find what they need as a teenager, for example: getting a Standard or Advanced diploma, going to College, and getting a degree. When students start encountering what they need to accomplish they will tend to work hard and start receiving the information they desire. Also research gives a better understanding for the student to know what to find. Although some may say "Information online may be false" but there are multiple sites you can examine to observe the true facts. Second reason, Goals help students with finding a career to start. Goals help by giving an idea to a student of what the second step is, to find the best career for them. Goals can be both limited and unlimited. Although some may say "Students should start thinking after they graduate high school because there are many jobs in life students might pick the wrong job", but starting young helps the teens mind to find different careers. Also, students can decide what they would want to commit to. Third reason, Acknowledging your goal will take a very important role of students life's. If students complete their goals, and research they can acknowledge their goal. Examine the work they have finished and look through to check if they are missing anything. After students have finished their steps students may continue on finding a job that they want from the data they collected. Finally, acknowledging goals will help in examining job duties. In conclusion students should start finding a job early. Starting young will help each individual student with, finding a job, how to determine if the job is right for you, and following along with accomplishing every goal. Students will have a less stressful time finding the right job. These 3 steps will help students find the right job: Goal, Researching, and Acknowledging their goals. Also, it's a good idea for young students to have at least a couple ideas of what they want to do as a career after high school. 