High school year is the most important year in students life. Some school programs allow students to graduate in three years, if you can choose, which one would you like to take? Traditional or three years? For me, I would think of four years high school. Because traditional four years high school is better than three years high school. For example, if you take three years high school, then you can not take elective courses except you take the courses during the summer. Also, I think three years high school don't have much time to let you get ready for college. In addition, I think four years high school is more comfortable than three years high school.First, if you take the three years high school, then you can't take elective courses except if you take the courses during the summer. I think have elective courses was important, because that mean you can take courses that you're interesting of. For example, I was taking the traditional four years high school right now. A year before, I remember I have two elective class, and one of them was Korean. Even know learning different language is hard, but it was very interesting, because you are learning about another countries' culture and how did they treat people in their ways. That's why I think elective classes was important. Secondly, take the courses during the summer? Of course not. In the summer everyone was planned go to the beach or traveling to another country with the family. Think about that sunshine, sky, golden sand, and beautiful seas. There are people swimming and surfing, people wear the sunglasses sat down there and have coconut on their hand. But at this time, you have to take courses at home or summer school. Sitting at chair, face all these hard problem and finished it. In addition, summer is the time that people relax and have fun of. So I would not take the courses during the summer. In addition, lots of students are feeling nervous and scared in the last year of their high school time. Because they are wondering what college they're going to and can they do well when they get in the college. Even now I was senior right now, but that still happens to me, because college is totally different from high school, and I worry a lot about it. So when I'm laying down on the bed at the night, I was start thinking about college, can I make friends in college or what if the class that I take is going too fast then I don't understand what teachers are talking about. So I think four years high school would have more time to get ready for college. Even know some programs are allowed high school students to graduate in three years instead of the traditional four years, but think about that, if you and your friends didn't go to the same college, then you will have to leave them early, and you also have to leave your family one year early. Finally, I think traditional four years high school is more better than three years high school, and it makes you feel comfortable and have more time, instead squeeze the time together and make your self busy then others. Lastly, these are the reasons why I think traditional four years high school is better than three years high school.