Have you ever been in school and your teacher tells you to come after school to get your work done? Well I think that having after school clubs is good because it can help us in school. It will help then get they work done faster, and also better for them to understand. Sometimes kids at home don't like to do they homework but if they do activities after school they would actually want to do the work, so they can do the activities. To begin with kids get bored with just sitting there doing homework but if their actually doing activities they wouldn't be bored and actually work on they homework. If the kids are active and are having fun they would get things done faster and easier like say a student was going to pay sports, and you tell him he has to finish they homework in order to play if the kid loves the sport he would do it. nowadays, kids like to do they work in activities such as math games, card games, and many more. The teachers can explain the work better for them, so they can understand and learn it better. To continue you must show them that the work is very important, and the kids would actually take it seriously, and they could actually improve there grade. Kids nowadays don't really be trying to take things serious, so the adults got to push them and show them that there homework is important and has a big impact on your grade. It's better to have someone constantly on your back because it will help you in the future it's always good to have people push you to succeed. A lot of kids give up in school and don't be wanting to do they homework that's why when somebody is doing activities and learning they wouldn't give up on they selves that easy on they selves. The students also get bored with being in a quiet room just working on they work students like to be active not just sitting in one place bored. Last but not least you got to put effort in the work to be able to understand it and to get it done or if not you would be having a very rough time on your assignment. But always remember never give up and keep pushing for your goal because not only in school will you be stressing. Lastly these are some reasons why I think it would be a good idea for our schools to have after school activities it will help a lot.  