My mother's uncle Generic_Name wanted to be a lawyer, he did all the step that everyone do for go to college, and he started work hard for pay all his classes. Generic_Name woke up every day early in the morning, and he went at the college, after he took a bus for his job. After all his effort, after all the nights that he could not sleep, he became in a lawyer but Generic_Name never imagine that the real challenge is coming. After two years of his graduation he found a job, he bought a house and a car and that is all Generic_Name did for the rest of his life. Should we aspire just at one thing? In every single aspect of our life we have aspiration, to be more every day to get the most beautiful house, the better job but that is all when we get all the want and the set we stop there. In my opinion, if we don't try to do something beyond what we have already mastered, we'll never grow because we'll never have the enough experience and a better quality of life. First, we'll never the enough experience because we always being in the same situation, every experience that we have make our knowledge, the way that we see the life and the problems. If we never give up to do something beyond our spirit preserve young while we have more experience we'll have more opportunities nos just in a professional aspect. For example, if we go to college, and we finish the career, but we stop there for the simple reason it is more safe, so we never grow because that make us to be stagnated in one place, we think that doesn't matter that we are good. Second, We'll have a better quality of life because when we try to do the best every day, when we kept learning we became in a successful person which is good point because you inspire at others. We'll have all the thing that one day we wanted and the most important thing we'll have the power to help other. For example, when we continue learning more and more we'll stay one step more near of our challenge, and we need to continue to the same way. In summarize, I'm agree with Emerson's statement because we always need to be more that we were yesterday. The success, the opportunities, better condition of life and the happiness is part of never stop grow. Is really important for everyone be happy with ourselves is like wake up every morning see us in front the mirror, and say I can be better tomorrow.