Although some say "Unless you have tried to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow." Based on my experiences I do agree to Emerson's statement because life isn't easy you have to try new things in life, you have to risk yourself to walk through that bigger path and try not to look back to something you couldn't accomplish back than, instead look up, stand straight and tell yourself "I know I can master new/harder things that are to come my way." Some say if "You don't try to do something beyond what you have already mastered you will never grow." How are you supposed to grow if you haven't master something you can't accomplish? Life puts us in a situation where not everything is going to be perfect, not everything is going to be rainbows and butterflies you have to challenge yourself, you have to show everyone that just cause you messed up once doesn't mean your going to make the same mistake again. You have to go through the rain to get to the rainbow, you have to be prepared for the big situations that are coming your way. You have to learn how to handle the bigger situation to know how to handle the smaller situation when it comes to you. Don't let smaller things effect you at the end of the day the sun is still shinnied brighter than ever, challenge yourself, so you can master and accomplish the situations.Therefore, if you can't accomplish something you've tried so much you shouldn't give up but also don't stress about it too much either. If you think what your doing is the better than don't look back and keep doing what you've already started, life will be harder sometimes, but it's up to you to show that you can master things you haven't been through. People might think you can't handle what you're going through, people will laugh at you for not being able to master something that is easy for them but harder for you, you can't just stop trying just because you feel like you can't any more. Take a deep breath and I promise that at the end of the day you'll be happy because you master something you thought you couldn't handle, but not only that you'll be happy because you didn't give up, and you showed all these people that didn't believe in you that you did it! Others say that "Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow." I agree with this side of the argument because it's honestly the truth you have to master new things, or you'll never see yourself growing, for an example if you just had an argument with your significant other, and you break up with him/her your really just throwing things down the drain instead of sitting down to talk to that person to try to solve what went wrong. Try to master things, so you grow not just kick things down the road and think that their going to come back to you. Maybe that was the first break-up and he/she actually wants to break up, are you going to let her/him to let you go just like that or are you going to ask him/her for a reason? Get on their shoes, sometimes things happen for a reason and if what ever you're going through hits you in the back of the head is for a reason, don't confuse yourself on accomplishing something and showing off. In conclusion some things might be harder for you than others, but you shouldn't end up backing and telling yourself you can't do it, that it's too hard. Instead, you should do the opposite and tell yourself that you are better than what you think you is and that your going to master lots of things with or without someone by your side telling you "You can do it." This is my side of the statement I agree with and the way I look at things when I feel like I can't master big/small situations.  