Failure the Success of Life Winston Churchill was a British Minister. He was a writer famous for his phrase that he usually used. Once said that "Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm."I believe, that failure is an important element that plays in the pursuit of success, because the failure lead to success, failure is unavoidable, learn from your mistakes, and the failures often leads to problems. One reason is the success that consist of going from failure to failure without loss the enthusiasm. Failure is unavailable, the path of success is not a straight on. Every people have to fail sometimes in the life, but that is part of the life. For example sometimes, invest money in some business, but we don't know if you go to win a lot of money, or lost all the money or just one part of money. If for some reason we fail, doesn't matter, we need to try again, maybe that would be the success to have your company owner. Never say not, before try it. Another reason, is to learn from your mistakes, if you make a mistake at least you know, not to do it again. A failure might put end thing idea or opportunity, but lead you others. If you ready failure, and you know what did the mistakes try to find a solution, and not come back with the same ideas, you need to learn for each mistake. For example, if I say something wrong, like English word, if somebody heard me and corridor me, I try to not say that word again. One more reason, failure often leads to problem, we need to solve our problems and getting thought difficult times makes you smarter and stronger as a person. By dealing with your failures you will to be prepared and have most experienced in the future. If you know that to fails before, so you are somebody with most experience in the life, you know that if you have an important roll in your work, that is why you to fails in some time, but you need always to continue ahead. Everyone have different kind of problems, but each problem have solution. If for find solution is possible that we go to fails, just doing that, we need to solve each problem without doesn't matter what come ahead we always want the success. In conclusion, failure can change who you are, and what path you're on the life. To fails in our life is something that cannot to avoid, but we are not wanted to be a failure always, we want to change and have success. All mistakes are a success more in our life, I think that failure it plays an important role in the pursuit for the success. We need to pass for different path and in each one, we go to learn new things. Mistakes only makes smarts, and working to solve problem only makes us stronger.