High school is like a preschool for young adults, where they get a chance to explore the world much earlier. Students at grade nine through twelve get to learn what they want to be at a young age. It gets them more interested in the careers they choose in the nearest future. As they get through high school, they will know what path to take and what needs to get done. As soon as these young adults leave they won't have to stress of what their going to be. It's agreeable for students to start looking into their career at a young age.Throughout the years in High school, students will have the rights to choose their own courses, which follows up to their interest. For example: culinary arts, design multimedia, masonry, and more. They can also choose any subjects such as: math, English, science, and history. These courses can also help those students with their future careers. While these students are learning they realize what they like and what they don't like. The upcoming goal for them by the time they leave high school is what they are going to become. As these young adults think of what their going to be, they will think twice on some careers. Which gives them time to research options, and that research will reflect on which career is the best for them. While being young a thinking of a career students will have enough time to sort the ones the students like and the ones they dislike. The average life Span of a human is up to 75 years, which means 18 of those years can resolve of what the students are going to do when they grow up. Teen's can dream what they could be but can they put the effort in trying. As in college, students will have to get credits to graduate high school, and need to pass an amount of exams. From there the students' path will flow to what college they'll go, when thinking young they got to think smart, which means they got to put the effort. When thinking of a career at a young age the students will have most everything planned. It's never too much to notice that a student has more potential young than old because they got more time. The students won't stress out because their not out in the world alone finding what to do. Teens can commit to any career because they have had a lot of time to think of any career.It's never bad for a kid to have dreams of being a cop and going for that career. It's always good to plan ahead, to always think and do. It's great that a young adult wants to think of its future. Agreeing something that everybody has done, is something that people can agree on.  