I disagree with this statement, that the first impression is impossible to change, because, I have seen a lot of people who doesn't have a positive impression at first, but later they completely changed. They become to change themselves from what they were before, tried to forget about the negative impressions they had before. If you Have a negative impression at first, and you want to change it, it will be hard, but it is not impossible, if you really want to change it. Everything that you have control of them, and you want to change them, you can do so. It will be hard, but not impossible. First impression can also have a large effect in someone's life, if it is a positive impression it can lead to the success, they want to have, but having a negative impression will not only take away your success, but it will also keep you down in your society, you will not have the respect, that you want to have in your society. For example; if a boy in a place or society have a negative impression, other people who live in there will not let their children s to play with him, or to go to school together, or even their parents will try to change their children s classes if they know that they are in the same class, because they don't want their children to be like him, or to have a negative impression that he has. As the boy grows up, and recognize that he should change the negative impression that he had at first, which kept him away from his friends or classmates. He will try to change it to positive impression, which will be hard and for him, it will be a strange thing, because he never tried this before, but, as he continues he will realize that, how much he was bad with that negative impression, and how much he was hurt, by that negative impression. Having a negative impression at first, and changing it will take much time, but changing this will help you to reach where you want, it will help you to achieve your goals, and it will help you find a good friend, everyone will try to be your friend, and wants to have a good relationship with you, so you not only help yourself, but you will also help your friends to reach their success or to achieve their goals. Changing the first impression is not impossible for those who have a strong trust on their selves, and really want to change this, especially, if this impression is negative, because he knows, or soon he will know that this can be very bad for him, and can keep him down in school, society, or in the place they live. As, he knows that how much a negative impression will hurt them, they will try to change it. It is not going to be easy, but that doesn't mean that it will be impossible. In the process of changing this impression they will also learn a lot of new about how much will a positive impression good for them what can a positive impression do for them. They will know that having a positive impression is not in everyone's luck, those who have a positive impression, on their society, school or etc. will have a successful future. Most of the peoples want to change their first impression, because they haven't seen any positive result from it; they want to change it for a good future. Those who have negative impression can't reach their success, because having a negative impression is like a wall between you, and your success, that will prevent from you achieving your success. First impression is like the first step toward your goals, so if you have a negative impression it will be almost impossible for you to get there, because having this impression can also effect your lessons, but if you have a positive impression it will be much easier to get there, because you can have more success in your lessons. For most of the people changing their first impression looking impossible, because they are never going to try it, they never want to experience a new thing, or maybe most of them think that this is not that important, but, I think that first impression is also very important in life. It can bring a lot of changes on you, it can change you future, your position in a place. I think that those who want to change their first impression should know that, this will not be easy, but if they try, and keep this in mind, that if they bring this change in their life they actually achieve a very big success. Changing this show them that everything that they want to change in their life is up to them, however, it will not be easy to do that, but that doesn't mean that it is impossible. Everything in your life is in your control, and you are the only person that can change what ever you want to change in your life, it just depends on you, that you are going to handle the situation. If a thing come to your life, and you know that, it will have a negative impression on your life try to keep them away, because they can make problems for, they can pretend you from having a good future, they will try to destroy you, so you are the only person who can keep all these things away. For most of the peoples it will be hard to forgot about their first impression, because they have good knowledge with that, and they think it is good even if it is a negative impression. This kind of people will have a hard time to forgot their first impression. When we try to find new friends we always try to find about their impressions in our life; how can they help us to solve our problems, or how can they help us to achieve our goals. Having friends with positive impression in life will help you to take over your problems easily, but if you have friends with negative impressions, they can put their own negative impressions on you too, they will make think like a loser, because they don't want to reach your success. In my idea those who want to change their first impression, first they have to think why they want to change it, what negative result they have seen with this impression, after they reached the position to change their first impression, they should start working for. 