Although some say students should use cell phone in classroom because, they used for intern ate asses to do in class works actually, students shouldn't use cell phone in classroom because they are trouble in the classroom, and they are doing chat when the teacher is teaching. First, students shouldn't use cell phone in classroom because, they are trouble in the classroom. That is mean when the teacher is teaching the students may be listing music so that makes trouble the other students, They didn't do anything for classwork. They're only doing listing music and watch a movie so on that happen it's very disturb. Also, If the student want listen music and teacher never want to listen music so that make fight with teacher. In the classroom students usually don't use cell phone, so one student's use every time cellphone in class he/she always trouble in class maybe that happen again and again in class the school decide and rejected him/her for didn't come to school. Socond, students shouldn't have a cellphone in classroom because, they are doing chat when the teacher is teaching For example, When the teacher is taught on the classroom and students doing on the chat there is no attention what the teacher says. There is no attention to learn. There is only played with their friends in the class.There is show a bad image with their friends. It means one student want to joke for other student girls or boys so he gonna show for that person bad and rude picture then student lough in bad situation. Also, the one student's lough for him picture his/her moral is not good, so they don't want to come again school by confidently. He/ She is scared and afraid. Third, students shouldn't have a cellphone in classroom because, they are cheating on the test. For example, If the teacher gave for students a test, and he sat down in the chair then one student have a cellphone he/she can cheat on their phone, so they got a good grade for that test that makes bad for the other students score. It means students they don't have confidence do their own test. Every time they don't want to study for test, and they always think doing cheat on the test, but that is bad for his/her knowledge. Fourth, students shouldn't have a cellphone in classroom because, there is no any participate and activities when the teacher ask question for students. There is more time waste and spend their time with their cell phone all the days. There is bad for health because when every time watch movie and listen music that is no good for brain and eyes. It means every time stay with their phone and the brain control one thing just the movie or the music, so we can't handle or participate other thing even didn't look the people what their saying. In conclusion, students shouldn't use cell phone in classroom because they are trouble in the classroom, and they are doing chat when the teacher is teaching.