The limitation of human contact has been a negative effect in peoples lives; people are so caught up in today's technology that no one really talks in person anymore. People do anything on phones, but it has negative things to using them a lot: dating people through text, and less communication in real life and more over text. While most people believe that technology has positive effects in reality, it is mostly a negative effect. Technology is not a good thing in certain situations. It is better to get to know people in person rather than social media or anything. No one knows who someone is until they meet them in person because some people lie to make someone like them. Technology can hurt people in different ways: physical, emotional, or any other way. People tend to do things to hurt the other person online rather than to their faces. Some people decide to date someone through social media when it isn't a good idea to do. People can fake identities to make people think they're another person. People decide to not say who they really are, so they could either kidnap them or make the person they're tricking to send them money if they live in another country. It's rare that people find someone who doesn't lie about who they are. Some people probably decide to date through social media because they think that they won't find anyone who will really like them. Most people who have technology now use them to communicate with other people instead of in person. Most people decide to communicate through online or text so that they don't see the person's face. People feel more brave to tell a person something mean or hurtful through text or anything. People just decide to not talk, but instead to text. Most people feel like technology has a good effects when it mostly doesn't. Technology is mostly a bad thing because people decide to date each other through text rather than in person and people communicate mostly through text. People need to go out into the world and talk to new people. Everyone needs to see the difference in the real world rather than through text.