I agree with the writing "Determine never to be idle" buy Thomas Jefferson. I agree with this writing because it is wonderful how much can be done if we are always doing something. The second reason that I agree is that I think we can accomplish more if we are always doing something. Lastly but not less I think that inactivity also can serve a purpose. The firs' reason that I agree with Thomas Jefferson writing because it is wonderful how much can be done if we are always doing something. What I think Thomas Jefferson was bring to say was that if we help others we would be doing a lot for others. For example if we see someone that is bring to cross the street, and they can't do it by them self because of a bad weather or because that person has a disability you should help that person because believe it or not you would make that person day. I also believe that Thomas Jefferson writings tans out for those people that don't have a home or a family y that can support them if you can try to make that person day better by getting them a some water or food. I also believe by Bing nice to people you could make there day better because you don't know if that person had a bad day at work or something bad happen. Seconly I agree with Thomas Jefferson writing because we can accomplish more if we are always doing something. For example if you are bring to pass a class or a SOL try your best and no matter how much you fell get up and get up stronger and keep bring. I think it also been that is that if you are working and you don't know how to do it ask for help like that the next time you do it you can do it better. I think Thomas Jefferson was bring to tell us not to give up. Lastly but not less I believe that inactivity also can serve a purpose. Inactivity also can serve a purpose because if someone is provoking you, and you jump up and keep it going then there can be some problems. For example if you are at work and someone provoke you and you reach to to provoke you could lose your job. If you get in trouble because someone you, and you keep the problem going it can affect you later on when you're going to get a new job because they're going to see that you can't control your self. That's why I think if you go a talk to your boss when someone is causing you problems is better if you react and you lose your job for not controlling your self. In conclusion I think we should help anyone that needs the help and not just think that they would be fine because we don't know what they have been through, and we would like for someone to help us when we are in trouble or when we are not dong well.  