I agree with Churchill's statement about the important role that failure plays in the pursuit of success. The Success consists of going to faillure without loss of enthusiasm. Next the success consists in many things. For example the Prime Minister Winston Churchill said that, because he always persuades. That the enthusiasm is it the most important to any business or personal in your life consist in that simple word. First I think that prompt has a specific message that persuasive that everyone who read can read the message. So if who read the prompt may perform their success and should not failure in the future business. Next the future business can think about it. Then if they don't have any enthusiasm they won't have success in a not very far away future. Finally, that is what I think about the prompt said Churchill's statement very important role that failure plays in the success. First I think it is very important that statement role that failure plays in the pursuit of success. Second if you persist and never give up you should be successful. Also, if you are not persisting what you want with enthusiasm. That means you will have the same situation going to failure in your live. Then finally never loss the enthusiasm that is the point for all success. For the success if you are unwilling have a little enthusiasm. So, as you are trying to do, and you fail. It's only one reason that was not enough enthusiasm to doing it. You have to preform and trusty in yourself.Also, I think that success is for who are looking and persist with enthusiasm. Finally, that is the enthusiasm consists in the future. The important role from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. I agree with that statement said, you never think you cannot do anything. Also, I think if you feel without enthusiasm you always will failure. So if your purpose is the success you should hard work and don't feel you cannot. Then if you willing you won't failure. Finally, I think just sometimes that if you believe in yourself you may do anything including if you came from failure to success.  