People who value self-reliance are people that can make their own decisions. They know what to do when it comes to the important matters in life. They aren't dependent on other people when it comes to most things in life and know what to do to get past certain things. These people grow a lot mentally because they end up knowing a lot because they go through with the decisions themselves; they don't listen to other people and don't make their decisions based on what other people say. Self-Reliant people know how to get through their important or "life changing" decisions. For Example: Buying your own house, getting married, and dropping out of school are all very important decisions that you, and only you can make. They think through about what decision they are going to make. People that don't make their decisions on their own always depend on someone or something else, especially when they are very important. You can learn a lot from making important decisions by yourself, and it can help you in the long run. Self-Reliant people aren't dependent on other people and always follow their instincts. They know making your own decisions is better than being guided towards what decision to make. Being Independent also goes in the same category as making your own decision. You do everything by yourself when you are independent, all the decisions you've made has either had positives or negatives for your life, asking someone for their opinion is only going to make you more biased to that choice. People should make their own decisions based on what they want/need to do for their life. Making your own decisions helps you grow mentally, every major decision you've made affects your life every day. Most people always seem to ask somebody for help on a very important decision, while others just think about what they should do themselves. People should just follow their instincts, their gut feeling of what they want to do; they shouldn't listen to other peoples opinions. The people should always try to make their own decisions instead of always relying on the guidance of experts and authorities.