To whom may concern. The Former British Prime Minister Winston Churchill once said that "success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm", is well-known that some people believe in this statement and some others don't. There are some reasons to believe this is true: one, failure gives experience to do it better next time, two, failure makes one think about different possibilities to be prepared to control the situation, three, failure gives the option to try again. First, failure gives experience; this helps to learn how to don't make the same mistake. For example, to learn how to cook is a "try and fail" because one needs to put a specific amount of spices and vegetables is a long process to give the food a good flavor; failure said what are the mistakes one needs to correct like to don't put much sugar in the cake or don't put much salt in the salad. Another example, learn a new language is difficult in various forms like the pronunciation or the form to make a sentence; failure give experience to improve abilities like these too. Second, failure makes one think about different possibilities. For example, if one try to build a ship inside a bottle and fail because the little pieces of the ship broke inside for don't be careful, that persons if going to think about what can make the pieces break next time to avoid the same situation. Another example, if one flew a kite and a bird or the wind make the kite crash, the next occasion "what can make the kite crash?" is going to be a possibility to think. Third, failure gives the option to try again. For example, take a test driver and fail but still studying to take it again; to get the necessary score to pass, this show that person decides to try again. Another example, when one try to learn how to do a magic trick, the first times fail is guarantee, but with perseverance one can be the best magician, this can be only reached if one decide to try again after fail. Although, one can learn from the failures, is not necessary to fail to success, but sometimes one can't decide to don't fail; fail is a form to learn something from the mistakes, for example, fail to do something can make one know what is wrong and what is necessary to do to correct and prevent a future failure. In conclusion, one don't need to fail to learn, but "perseverance is the key for success" and when one go from failure to failure without giving up; the action to don't give up show how capable is that person to success.