Someone the has share wisdom, and experience to me is my friend Generic_Name he has stage 2 cancer and he has been fighting all his live he is someone I look up for as a super human he says that everything is fine, and he just wants to enjoy his life he is an awesome friend funny he is everything that a friend could have he knows the real meaning of struggle he suffers daily from his deadly cancer, but he is always happy We play almost every day Me and One of my friends from school Generic_Name we play video games with Generic_Name, and he destroys us. He is always happy and smiling he shows wisdom and makes others around him happy. My other person the shares wisdom and experience is my grandma. She has shared a lot of her experience of cooking I learn something new from her cooking ability she is a bit old, but it doesn't stop her she has a lot of energy to make food for her family I learn from by seeing her cook an egg or make chicken I see her, and learn from her experience. When we go to the beach my grandma always takes food, so she wakes up early and starts cooking. From the experience from my grandma I learn how to use spices and cuts of meats in a dish, Also learn the amount of vegetables or spices that some dishes have my grandma been cooking for almost all her life she knows what taste good and what taste bad. She teaches me how to cook some basic but delicious plates. I think Learning from the experience of others is better because they have been alive longer and know a lot about the topic like cooking, playing a sport, Driving, swimming or teaching they study or practice a lot that they became masters at it. They have also been a live longer and knows how it works. Like my grandma she is good at cooking, so I press attention to her cooking and see what new things I learn. An Example is when you are a teenager you want to buy the best of the best pair of shoes to show your friends that you got something that they're done But if your parents say to not buy them and to save the money instead to buy something better and more special later in life like a car there is where we should press attention to what they say about spending money because they are older there brain is fully developed, and they know what to save for because they are older and have been here longer and know how to use money.That's why I listed to what the older grandpas and grandmas have to say when I do something Bad or incorrect because they pass that and know how it was, and they want us to Be susses full in our on life, and they share with us wisdom and experience and that's Important because they can learn from them.