In my op pinon school is good how it is now. Having go to go school for a couple of months straight across and then just have a couple of months off for summer. If they were to change the school routine to kids having to have breaks for 3-4 week's they wouldn't come back with the same effort as they do when they come back off of summer break. For example if I were to leave school for 3-4 weeks I wouldn't want to come back to the same classes and with the same routine, It's just that Students do retain the information they teach they would have to go over it just so they get back on track. But the fact of having year-around school isn't it just doesn't make a difference. And I'm a sure that kids wouldn't like to have only 3-4 weeks off school after all the time they spend in schools is why students should have a right amount of school and a certain amount of months off. A year-around school benefits teachers not students. Because they if they did have a year-around teachers wouldn't have to worry about reteaching it again to the students because they would expect them to already know what they are taking about. So they should have a regular schedule for the schools board to follow. But at the same time the fact of not having to go to school for weeks sounds good. When their break is over they would have to go back to school not only that, but they would have to pick up from where the left off at first. I feel like leaving in the middle of a lesson that is important that really wouldn't have the students as much. If they were to change the school routine it would just mess things up with the students and their grades and that would e more work of teachers. What if some important test is coming up for the students, and they only have a certain amount of time to get things done within the time period, and then they would leave on break what if the teacher couldn't get everything done in time then the whole class would fail the test. This is why they should just leave school as it is just so that student's and teacher's wouldn't have to go through tall that trouble, Just get what they need to get done within the time they are their and then when they are done with all the work they needed to get done with they could leave for summer break, just so students don't stress over the facts that they have to get things done in a certain about of time. These are some of the many reasons why they should have school for months and not take breaks in between school days just so that they have months off on their summer break. 