I agree with Albert Einstein when he said that imagination is more important than knowledge. Within you knowledge comes you imagination. In that imagination you see that it will help you receive your knowledge from somewhere that you did imagine. Even tho sometimes your imagination can mess your Brain a little when you go ahead of yourself. Like when you think about a subject that takes you way over that your brain won't handle itself. But Malay sometimes your knowledge can be more efficient than your imagination because your brain is acting more mature when it comes to obstacles that are difficult. Your brain acts more when it's come to a problem like that time you got stuck on that question on that math test you've taken. Sometime even when you are reading a book. Reading a book may help you vocabulary when you read. But there are times when they both help each other. Both knowledge and imagination can help when you construct something. Mabey you wanted to built something, but you had no idea what. that's why you have your imagination comes right on in to tell you many ideas on what to build. Once you think of the build you knowledge is there to help out to figure out on how you should build it. Your brain get all the knowledge to help to build that dimension of the building there's how both can work together, but still there are some negative times when it comes to imagination and knowledge. Like that time you are felling a bit down and your imagination said that you can't find anything to make you happy. Sometime when your imagination goes a bit to far like that time you play with friends when you were younger you can make thing a bit unfair with your imagination and can lose that friend. In middle school with that knowledge of yours can change many things on a test. You can do good or bad. But say you did good, and you were the student that had the highest score, but you friend go one of the lowest score, but you bragged about it to can also lose that friend.image if a 16-year-old boy wanted a job. He may have not been the smartest, but he has a few bad grades. Either he will get a good job or he'll stay jobless cause if how much knowledge he had since he does no study hard enough. So other students may have better knowledge and have received the job they have wanted. Mabey the 16-year-old boy needed the job to pay for food, but he had to ask all his friend to buy food since he had no ob nor the money. So in the future he became homeless because he had to pay the money back to the friends he had because he needed money. Young children have the most imagination since they have nothing to expect. But at night children think they see monster are on closets and want to have their mom and dad to come see it for themselves, but their parents say that there are no monsters. Later the night they start hearing noises but can't tell were its coming from, so they scream mom dad again because the child thought there was still a monster in the room. But the parents still say that there are still no monster in the room. Later on the child starts to think that there it still a monster, so the child went on outside the room and notice that it was no monster it was just their parent just making noise just to scare their child just for fun.