We accomplish more when we are active, and are always doing something. I want to go to a university, but to achieve this goal, I have to put forth effort my going to school and studying all the time. I am always doing something while I am in school, and I am not allowed to be on my cell phone. This will not help me pass in school, even after school I sometimes stay in tutoring for Math and English, because I have trouble. This will be true in school, sports, and in life like my mother tells me all the time. I have to agree that always staying busy will allow you to accomplish more in life. In my school, soccer also helps me stay busy, because I am on the team. We have to practice every day to have a chance to win. I want to be the best player that I can be, and to do this I have to always practice. My coach tells me the more I practice, and the busier that I am the better condition I will be in for the game. Soccer takes a lot of energy, and you are always active in the game, and you need to be more active than the other team to win. Always doing something in sports allows you to be better. My mom told me when she was growing up that she was poor, and she did not always have food to eat, so she picked mangoes off of the tree. She did go to school, but when she was not in school she had to always stay busy. She would go to her grandmother's house to wash clothes or sell some of the mangoes that she picked in the street. Furthermore, she was fifteen years old, and she had no shoes, so she worked for rich people in their house cleaning. Furthermore, she tells me this so that I will understand that I have to stay active, and she has worked hard to give me a better life. Furthermore, she gets angry when I try to stay in bed and not do anything, because I always need to be active to get somewhere in life. We achieve more when we stay active, and we are always doing something good. My goals in life are to go to school, and graduate from a college, play sports to stay in condition, and make a better life for my kids like my mother. I can only do these things if I stay active and work hard. It is wonderful how much you can achieve if you always stay active and focused.