'If the school adds one hour and thirty minutes in a schools' day'' honestly i don't agree nor disagree their some pros and con with this topic. The pros are that you learn more its good because schools get out earlier for the summer so their more summer days to enjoy. Another pro is if you have question on your homework the teacher can help you out by teaching you and you don't have to worry about the time because you have plenty of minutes to learn. Second If there were longer classes kids will lean more things and pay attention, if it's their favorite class well it will be good for them because its longer. For me, I love music class if I have more time in that class I could learn more things about music and I could be better player. Third pro it gives us more time to hang out with our friends because you could be busy because they sport or church. Well for me, I can't hangout with my friends because I have strict parents they won't let me get out of the house unless I have good also they don't let me hang out with friends so the only way I can see them is at school. Fourth pro is you can get to know your teacher and the students in the class you can learn many new things about the teacher that you would never know about sometime It's cool to hear their story because it could teach you something or can make you laugh. So I learn that their many good things of having more time in a school day. The cons of having one hour and thirty minutes in school day. First con is kids will be tired and they won't think that much or pay attention because all their energy is gone. The kids will be rude and won't do anything because they are tired or hungry. Well the only way to fix this to give them snack yeah that could help but how your going get the snack you have to buy them with money they are going to tell the kids to buy the snacks and the schools won't buy it. Second con is if the kid has doctor appointment they will go and the next day they will miss a lot of stuff in class, and they make it up and the teacher won't teach it again because they have to move on and learn something new. Third con is classes will be harder because you have remembered a lot of stuff for the test that you're going to have that week. Honestly for me every day when I get home I take a nap if don't have that nap I will be mad all night so many other kids could be just like me when they don't get a nap they are really rude so that bad for them ant the teachers also you will see kids falling asleep and teacher will yell at them. So I learn that their many not so great things of having more time in school. In the end they are many good like getting help for work and their may bad things like getting tired. So having more time in school is good and bad.  