Do you make your own decisions or do you seek guidance from experts ? I believe that people should be able to make their own decisions. I believe this because people are not away right about things and what they say. Another reason would be because only yourself know what chooses you want to make in life and so those are your decisions. My third reasons why I would say that people should be able to make their own decisions is because you shouldn't follow what others do. You always see people making good or bad chooses or making not good decisions but does that mean you got to do what others do, no because you have to make This chooses on your own. My decision for people to make their own decisions would be because trusting others on what they say isn't always the right things. Would you want your best friend making a decision for you ? Maybe not because you never know if she/he could be right or telling a lie. People in life are not always right about things, you don't want to get in trouble for doing something dumb or that isn't the right thing for you to do. If you make a good decision on something at school or basically anywhere you can show others on how to make good chooses, so they wouldn't make mistakes. This why you shouldn't listen to people making decisions for you this is because they can cause problem and get you in a situation where you don't want to be put in. In life theirs so many things you can do but it all up to you. You decide what you want to do, you shouldn't let other people judge you in your decisions because they shouldn't get in involved. This is because everyone does what they want to do in life. If you make a bad decision that's all on you because you made the decision not someone else you can't blame others for that when it comes to you getting involved in a situation that you got yourself put in. I know your children in school might've gotten in trouble with something and if not it because they are great children who don't follow what others do. There are ton of students in school who make bad decisions and this because they like to do what others do by following what others do and seeing others do bad chooses. In that case that is not right because it makes them get in trouble, and they lose time of education for making bad decision. When it comes to making your decisions you make your chooses. Only you know what chooses you want to make. If you do don't want to do something you shouldn't do it. Don't be afraid to not do something because you think it is a bad decisions just first before everything think about what you're doing. You should always question yourself is it a good choose or not because you the one making your own chooses. Everyone is their self you shouldn't be controlled by anyone. When it came to me making new friends at school I choose wisely with whom I would want to be friends with because I didn't want me to be influenced by making bad chooses by others. No one has the right to choose to do things for others when it comes to making chooses it all depends on yourself. In conclusion just always remember that you should always pick your decisions and not others for you. I know in the world we live in we all know that not everyone makes good chooses which is okay in some cases. This just means that not everyone is perfect which is true because there is at least one thing in life that you made a bad decision on. People just need time to think about what chooses or decisions they want to make so that after they make the chooses or decisions they don't think about it twice and why they should've made a wisely decision. Don't let yourself down or stress about what's rights for you in life.  