Imagine yourself getting out of high school early, and going to college or the workforce. It's really exciting because all that hard work was worth it, and you made it, but to get through you had to give up many of the activities you liked as well as your time. That is why it's not a good idea for students to finish high school in three years, and enter college or the workforce one year early. Students must take classes during the summer. Many students may not be able to take elective classes. Finishing early can be very stressful for students. Students finishing high school in three years must take classes during the summer or in the evenings. Many students work over the summer, and having to take classes would not give them time to get a job. Instead, students would have to attend to school, do homework, study for tests, and quizzes. Similarly, if students take classes in the evenings, and want to be enrolled in sports, or clubs, which require students to stay after school. They would not be able to participate. If students finish high school early, they may not be able to take elective classes. In order for students to graduate, they have to take required classes. This required classes are also important when getting into a college. Having to take all the classes they need, can barely fit into their schedules. This would enable students to be enrolled in elective classes like art, drama, music, or photography. Some people may say that students finishing high school in three years, and enter college or the workforce one year early, it's a good idea. However, it can be very stressful for students. Students have to study for all of their classes, do homework at home, and keep up with their classwork, so they won't get behind. Additionally, students have to do projects, and presentations. All of these can stress students a lot, and won't have time for their own. It's not a good idea for students to finish high school, and enter college or the workforce one year early. Students would need to take classes during the summer or in the evenings. Students would not be able to take elective classes. Also, finishing one year early can be stressful for students. Schools should not offer students to finish high school in three years and enter college or the work force one year early.