Why is better to have summer break than have it in different time of the year? Some educators feel that the summer break is too long and that students do not retain information as easily when they return in the fall, and some people argue that should be year-round schools, where there would be a 3-4 weeks break in the summer, a longer winter break, and a week off in the spring and fall. I disagree that students should have a year-round school because students will not learn if they have many breaks during the year, students would not have enough time with their families, and friends, also students would have hard time to do their work. First, Students will not learn if they have many breaks. I think that is better if students have summer break than have it in different sections of the year. For example; if students want to travel to other state for vacations they would have to travel a week before, so they can have fun, but students have to come back a week before school start, and they will forget what have they been learning the pass months. The main point of this example is that there is no point of doing a year-round school, because that would affect students. Second, students would not have enough time with their family, and friends. Students travel every summer to other states to visit their families, and friends. For example; Most of the students travel every summer to other states or countries, but if students have year-round schools they will not have enough time to have fun with their families, and friends, also they would make fewer plans, because students would have to come back a week before the school start. From this example the main point is that students should have their vacations in the summer, and not in different sections of the year because they take time to those students, and when they go back to school they will not make any effort to do what they suppose to do. Third, students would have hard time to do their work. They would not have enough time to complete their worksheets from school, because they were having fun with their families, and friends in other countries. For example; if most of the students travel to different countries or states, and when they come back home students will be tired, and lazy to do their work, but if they have summer vacations they will be exited to go to school, retain information as easily when they come back. From this example the main point is that students should have summer vacations, so they can be exited when they come back to school, and be great during the school. Finally, students would be more time in the school learning more, and paying attention to the teachers, also they will get their work done faster, and students would be more positive to pass their SOL'S. Although students would be more successful in school.  