Finish high school one year early sounds pretty good. Students can start doing something out of high school that helps them in the career they will choose in the future. But, it's better to finish the traditional four years in high school, because students can prepare more they self before go to college, It's too early for students to finish high school at the age of 15-17 years old, and students might not have the enough education that they need. To begin with, students will be more prepare to go to college after the four years of education from high school. They can prepare more they self and see what they need to work on or what they want to do in the future. For example, these four years in high school helped me find a passion about what I would like to become in the future, and also helped me to be more mature and feel ready for the next step. Also, It's too early for students to finish high school one year before, because students might be in the age between 15-17 years old, and they may not be that ready to start a responsive life in college. For example, my sister is 16 years old, and she's a junior. When we don't have anything to do, or we are having a conversation, I always ask her if she is ready to go to college or at least, if she has an idea of what major she would like to study and her response is that; she's not even ready for her senior year, and I understand her, because that happened to me when I was her age and when I was a junior. Moreover, students might not have the enough education that they need to learn in high school, and that can be a problem in their classes in college. For instance, I've heard from some friends in college, that sometimes they really lost in some classes, even though they graduated from high school when they were 18 years old. That means, if students graduate in three years, they would be confusing in their classes when they're in college. To conclude, graduate in four years from high school it feels longer, but it will be a big reward at the end, because students will be more ready to go to college, also they will be in an age where they will be more responsible, and mature. Lastly, they will have more acknowledge in everything. High school, its one of the best step of your life, where after you graduated from there, you would like to come back and stay more than four years.