With the development of education, every school always have classes to support student's natural abilities and students, who love arts, are also free to enroll and find out their strength. Besides that, they also need to release stressful after two or three hours from studying. It's a good condition for students to recharge and heighten their energy for the next efficient block when they take the classes of art, but it wastes time for students who won't spend time to practice it. Today, studying in high school, which turns to boring with almost students because they can't locate where they are, what they are interested in at school. In that case, finding the funny things, which is the best way to counter that situation, is helping us to reduce stressful and recharge us from hold blocks study. For example, there are multiple choices for us like enrolling a band, joining a drama, taking part in an art class for making motivation in studying. We must be required to take those classes because that also is what we choose.Besides that, choosing to sign up an art class are not only helping students to clean up their brain, which become easily to adopt information from the following block, but also increase efficient-adoption. For instance, after a serious block with full information in our brain, we must clean it up by singing, acting or drawing class, it will help our brain feel relaxing and ready for adopting more information. It also depends on our type of favorite in entertainment that your body and brain can feel relax when we are into it. We agree that all students should be required to take those classes but if such classes won't be electives to select student's natural abilities; a huge student, who aren't serious about a music, a drama, an art class, will make other students feel uncomfortable. Like they are going to sleep or make noise which effect to everybody around to enjoy their fresh time. To sum up, we know students should take a class from arts to make them feel fresh after a tired day or two to three blocks in a row to recharge and make our adoptive abilities improving; it helps students produce motivation from school and make them feel comfortable without pressure. But classes of art still need to be electives to choose which students own availability to take part in that class to make sure they don't waste time in the block they even aren't interested in.  