Has the limitation of human contact due to the use of technology has positive or negative effects on people's lives. Technology allows people to complete many task without any contact with another human. Technology has a negative effects on peoples lives. After a while of using technology and not having any contact with other human you seem to forget how to actually hold a conversation with other human. Technology restricts you from getting out of the house. People meet other people via online or in online website which can be terrifying because you don't know the other person behind the other screen. After a while of using technology and not having any contact with other human you seem to forget how to actually hold a conversation with other human. Technology restricts you from getting out of the house. Technology restricts you from getting out of the house and completing task. People really enjoy the fact that they don't have to leave the house or if the need something it will be delivered to their front door. Without you ever leaving the house can really effect your life you start to become lazy different task become harder for you because you don't have technology by your side. Technology can help a lot of people because a lot of people buy stuff online and don't go to the store which can save time and people start to get lazy knowing that they can get whatever they want and never have to leave the house. A lot of people have jobs in which they work from home and don't really live the house. I personal would hate to be stuck in the house all the time I like to go outside and talk to other people and go to the store to get something other than dating for it to arrive at my door. People meet other people via online or in online website which can be terrifying because you don't know the other person behind the other screen. Kids get kidnapped because other creepy people who talk to little kids and act like their friendly to the kids. Some people go as far as finding where you live and what school you attended which can be really creepy. One of my friends had a stalker like that which she meet online and thought he has the same age as her, and it turned out to be false he was away older than her and had wrong attentions for her, I'm really glad that she found out soon who he really was and called the cops. In conclusion Technology allows people to complete many task without any contact with another human. Technology may have a negative effect on peoples lives, or it may not some people say it does not and some say it does. Technology is a great tool to have, technology can get in bad hands and turn out awful. After a while of using technology and not having any contact with other human you seem to forget how to actually hold a conversation with other human. Technology can help a lot of people because a lot of people buy stuff online and don't go to the store which can save time and people start to get lazy. People meet other people via online or in online website which can be terrifying because you don't know the other person behind the other screen.  