Hi my name is Generic_Name, and I am going to talk about energy and resources. The reason why we are talking about energy and resources is because, some business have adopted a four-day work week. They want to because they want to conserve energy and resources. Each work week is going to be for 10 hours but in my opinion that is not going to work. I think it is not going to work because, people are barely working 8-hour shift and working 10-hour shifts. It is going to be more painful for people, and they are going to get exhausted. In my opinion if they are going to make people work for 10 hours for 4 days, they have to increase the minimum wage and pay a little more money.There is a lot of reason why I do not agree with this new change. The only positive reason I see is getting 3 days off. Another positive reason I see for this change is, if you get paid every 2 weeks, and you worked4 days and, make 40 hours 1 week and 40 hours another week, it is going to be a good paycheck. Now it depends on how much you get paid but I'm pretty sure if you are going to do 10 hours shifts, they are at least going to pay $12.00 an hour, or they are going to pay you $11.00 dollars in hour. Those would be good reasons to work in a job like that. It depends on if the people have time to work 10-hour shifts for 4 days.There are some school that want to have those same rules that some jobs have of 10 hours. I do not think that would work for students, because 10 hours of being in school is really stressing. I know how it feels like to be in school for 8 hours, is it is not fun, and it is really stress full. Furthermore, I think that the classes in high school would be longer the students would not concentrate. The reason they would not concentrate is because, you would be doing a lot of assignments and, you would lose interest in what they are teaching and, you would lose focus. In my opinion I would not like that, but I am pretty sure the school would like it because, they would be completing more work, and they would be finishing lessons really quick, and the students would study more. There would be another advantage to that because the students would be in school for 10 hours for 4 days a week. They would have 3 days off every week that in my opinion it would probably be Friday Saturday and Sunday. It would sound kind of good since you get 3 days off every week, but at the same time no students want to be in school for 10 hours for 4 days a week, that sounds stressing and hard. You would probably have more classes, a lot of homework, and more test, and quizzes. It would probably be hard for teachers to do 10-hour shift to because, they would have to do more plantings of lessons because they would probably have to teach a lot of classes during the day since the school day is 10 hours. In my opinion this prompt that I wrote today was really interesting. The topic was really interesting it made me think a lot of what I was going to type in this prompt. The topic was really interesting because it was about what I thought about jobs only working 4 days a week and 10-hour shifts. The other part of the topic was what if school was 4 days and 10 hours. This prompt made me put myself in that position and I did not like it if this would ever happen in real life I would be against it.  