I think we choose our character traits, and we are influenced beyond our control. I say both because sometimes we choose to be who we are without nobody telling us what to do, what to say and not forcing us to do something we don't want to do. Choosing our character traits can be something hard for some people, because some of us think that we are going to be judged by other people and some of us think that we are not going to get accepted for who we are. Me I do both sometimes I choose my character traits and sometimes I'm influenced by other people, I don't think it's good to be influenced by other people because I think we should be the one's controlling our character traits at all times. But sometimes we feel forced to do something we don't want to do or say, and it's not part of our character, But we feel we have to because there maybe someone watches, or it could just be pure pressure, Doing stuff we don't always do that is basically getting influenced by other people because we are doing something that we don't really want to do. This is why I say it's both we choose, and we are influence. I think you don't really choose if you control your traits or not, because some days you can be yourself and other days your kinda getting controlled, because you do what people are telling you what to do and basically your not yourself you're not doing what you want to do your listing to other people. I really think there's no option I think everyone does both, one day they are themselves and some days they are not themselves because there not doing what they want to do, there kinda getting controlled in some type of way. In conclusion, I think every one does both they choose, or sometimes they don't, Honestly I think everyone should be themselves and not let anyone control them. Everybody in this world should choose their own character traits but it doesn't happen because we all sometimes feel that we get influenced by some other people, Basically what I'm trying to say is be yourself and don't be someone your not. 