Though most people think the inactivity serve a purpose however, the people always need to doing things in their lives. All the people need to have something to do in their life. Most people in the world think an inactivity person can have in effect to other people, so the people need to always do something in their life. The people need to have more activity in their life. An activity person can have many success things can change their lives and the future a new generation in their families. A person with more activity can be more successful. The inactivity is a person lazy can do not care about doing something their life so, they maybe do not care about other people too. Many people in the world does not have a job, but they do not look for it. The people feel lazy to move around looking for work, and they only waste their time doing nothing. The people pass their time without a work so, they are not doing anything for their future for that many people in the world are very poor. They can have a good future if they do not waste their times doing nothing. In many countries there are people who are very lazy for work, so they're going to streets to ask other people give money to them. The people have many opportunities in their life but, they do not think about it. An inactivity person does not care about if they can have a job or not. That kind of people just think have a free times. To be a lazy person do not have any purpose in the life. Many children in the world suffer with their parents because, they do not have a job. The children with young age have to work because, their parents are very inactivity in the jobs. The inactivity can have an effect in the children because they have to go to streets with parents ask for money to other person. Most people in world are very lazy. Some students have inactivity in the schools. The students when they have to do a work in group, they want to the easy part of the work for that some students have problem when they become adults. Most the students are very lazy so, they want all the things easy. When the students become in adults they think all are going to be easy for them like student years. Sometimes the work is next to them, but they are so lazy for doing any work, so they only avoid the work. The people want to waste their time in easy ways like spend time in home. Sometimes the people want to find a job with easy ways to do it for that many people do not have a job. The students need to be more activity person. To be an inactivity person in young age can have a big an effect in the future. The students need to have a purpose do not have to be inactivity person. In the world many people are unemployment, so they think that can be better for them. The people can spend more time with their families, but they not need to be lazy. They need to doing something for their country or their families. Many people say if the world have less unemployment the economic can change for a good way. The economic is very important for a future of the countries. If the world can have less inactivity person the economic can change, so the countries can have less poor people. In conclusion, to be an inactivity person does not have a purpose in life. The people need to always do something's for their life. If the people always do something's, that people can change the ways how it can be their future life. An activity person are always doing things with a purpose, so the person can be successful in anything's they're done. If the people are an inactivity person that mean they can not have any purpose, so the people never has to be an inactivity person. The people never need to act lazy around. Any people need to act like more an activity person so, they can be more successful in life.  