NO MORE LIMITING! Some people believe that students should be required to take a music, a drama, or an art class. But should students be forcibly required to take a music, a drama, or an art class? Students should not be required to take a music or art classes, and make these classes as a elective.Don't limit they're choice school start to limiting classes and require taking certain classes, this is truly ineffective for everyone. All students have rights to pick what they're interested in, and what they need. For example, If they're applying colleges, and they need some specific classes and credits, they might want to take what they're needed other than art and music class because its simply waste of time. It's unpopular, unnecessary, and unprofitable for some students. Not all students are artistic person and want to take a music or art class. Maybe art or music is not they're area, according to newspaper "CNN" is participation experiment graph, it compared to people who are interested and those who are not, and graph showed people who are not interested seems to loosing they're focus and even irritating them. It's waste of time if they're not into it, they will eventually end up losing interest. There is no point of waste our precious time by doing things that we are not into it, obviously it's always privilege to take academic classes in school, but it's not always the case. We rather do something else that are more fun and more productive for us. It is mortal for some students especially seniors. If school is limiting and make require taking academic classes it is mortal for some students especially seniors, those who failed one or two classes and need to make up. But because of school is limiting and make require taking academic class they couldn't graduate on time. I strongly believe that students should not be required to take a music or art classes, and make these classes as a elective. If school make art and music and other academic classes as an elective, it will be more effective for everyone, because all students will have choice to pick what they really want or need. Even for teachers as well, teachers will be teaching students who really want to learn. It will be beneficial for both of them.