Some students don't have an idea of what career they want to take when they enter high school. Family members and teachers expect students to know what career they want when they enter high school, so it can help them choose the classes they need. I think students should have time to choose what they want to major in. One reason I think students should have time to think what they want to major in is; they can get tired of the career they chose or change their mind of what career to take. For example, my friend Generic_Name is in AF ROTC, she has been in AF ROTC for 3 years. In her Junior she decided she wanted to leave AF ROTC to do something else, she wanted to do nails instead. If Generic_Name can leave AF ROTC her scheduled for the next school year can change. She will have to learn how to do nails and learn the more, difficult, ways to do them as well. For this reason it will be good for students to take their time and find out what they really want to take. They have all high school year to think about it before they're entering college. Another reason students should think about what they want to major in is, they don't know what career to take, or they could have many options but can not choose one. One career could be too difficult or one could be fun but not earn has much. Students should look over the careers they want and see if it is right for them. For example, I have 3 careers I'm thinking about but can not choose one. I have 1 year to think about which one. For me photography would be the one for me as I like to take pictures of the most beautiful places in my hometown. I would also like to see other parts of world, see beautiful people who live there, work with amazing people, and see what I can take a picture of. I also want to the world to know what is going on from the different parts of the world and not the news. I want people to see it not hear. Some students already know what career they want to take. Most of the students are thinking which one will be good for them, and which suits them the best. It is good for students to know what career they want, but it is also good for them to think it over or think it through. As students already know what they want to do and go straight to college. Some students like to take a break and not go to college right after they leave high school. These students are taking a break to figure out what career to take, what college to go to, and save money to be able to go to college. This can help the students in many ways. In one way if the student does not like their major and think It's too hard it will change major. The student will keep changing major until it finds the right for him/her. By taking a break the student can think if he/she really likes the career they have chosen. For all of these reasons I do think it Will be good for the students to take their time on choosing a career. They don't have to have a hard time choosing one or changing the career for another one. If they don't have an idea of what career they have a lot of time. They can take a break and think very well about their options. It can help them from not changing majors when they are in college. Students taking their time for choosing careers is good for them and will help them choose the right career for them.