In this essay I will talk about how courses and daily life in high school influence the students to guide them and to think in a specific career. When students enter at high school are likely to get interest in anything and I believe their great skills they can show at high school, the support from their parents and think about their own future, is a good idea for students commit to a specific career at young age. The great skills that a student can show in any course say a lot. There are many students that have different roles inside the high school. Some of the roles they play are in different environments. There are students that really like Fine Arts, Music Band, Chorus, Act, etc. However, students usually get interest to show skills in different areas to be a professional like Masters, Lawyers, Bachelors, Doctors, etc. Actually, these careers are more convenient to students, but also they need support. The most students gain total support by their parents and is a big privilege. Nowadays, there are students that leave the school because they do not have enough support from their parents and this is an awful situation into the society. Students should be supported to do their job as students and not be concerned about any other stuff beside school. Parents have not to be just the supporters. All the school staff can also support students. The support is very imported into society because students are future of the entire word and I know we can make a change at world. Think in a great and awesome future for us and new generation is amazing. For youngers students are easy to figure out what is necessary and what not. That's why the world needs brilliant minds and leave a legacy that can make bigger differences. More culture, respect to the Rights, more opportunities of jobs, more health to everyone, feed to everyone, and a health and wealthy world are some needs students and people wish to live in good environment to everyone. In conclusion, students are guided and helped to think in a specific career by influences like sources and lifetime in and out of the high school. The skills that a student can show is simply awesome, they have great imagination. The support for students is in our hands, students have to be supported. The most important area is focus in their future as the best, doing big differences and doing a legacy. To be young is awesome.