Do people accomplish more if they are always doing something, or does inactivity also serve a purpose?. In activity does serve a purpose by showing maturity; however, people accomplish more if we are doing something. People accomplish more if they are doing something because it shows they are striving for excellence, it shows determination, and it shows progress towards their goals. Firstly, people accomplish more if they are doing something because it shows they are striving for excellence. In a lives or in today's era, everyone wants to achieve greatness, but by achieving greatness people often or need to start from the bottom of their league or what I like to call "THE CASTLE STANDARD". In The Castle Standard each have their own class their, the bottom league is the beginner class, the middle is the amateur class, and the highest class is The Hall of Fame class AKA HOC. Each person start from the bottom to get to the top, by starting from the bottom they can show higher authorities what they are capable off. For example, there was a movie called To Pursue of Happiness, the people in the movie was Will Smith and his son. The movie was about how a man, who worked at a business company as a mere employee, he and his son was kicked out of the apartment, and they were homeless, they were trying to find a new home, so they started to live in a homeless shelter, but that didn't stop Will Smith from going to work. He went to work even though he was homeless. They authorities he worked with knew his situation, and they knew his dedication to his dedication to the company, so they decided to make him CEO of the company. In the end he got higher paid he was of the greatest CEO in the company, and he was able to get a new house for him and his son. Furthermore, people accomplish more if they are doing something because it shows they are striving for excellence. Secondly, people accomplish more if they are doing something because it shows determination. People often shows determination, once they set their mind doing something they personally want to achieve or accomplish. In people mindset have something they want like, saving up money to buy an expensive item or staying on task to get a promotion at your work place. Determination is also one of the characteristics of positive attitude that leads people a success in life. There also shows determination when they are trying to reach their goals in what they want to become in their future. For example, the movie I used in the first paragraph To Pursue of Happiness. Will Smith even though he had a situation which he was homeless, he had job at the company, and he was in a huge situation with the company. The situation was they wanted to fire him to give him time to set his life or plan his life with his son, since he was homeless, and they are living in the homeless shelter. He showed determination to the job and gave them a huge reason why they should keep him at the company. Because he solved the companies huge problem which almost led the company to bankrupt, so the authorities decided to keep him in the company and give him promotion and a huge check to be able to sustain his daily life with his son. I believe that people accomplish more if they are doing something because it shows determination. Lastly, people accomplish more if they are doing something because it shows progress towards their goals. In everyone life has goal, there is no human being in this Earth who doesn't have a goal. The goal can start from High school or middle school or somewhere were people have been brought out by their culture. In every goal there is a purpose why that person is setting that goal, maybe it could be huge reason like impressing your family or following your idol and so on, but by setting your goals' people often need to plan how they can achieve that goal. For example, in TC Williams High School my goal is to join the Air force, but by doing that I needed to take specific subjects that can help me or give me the experience towards my goal. I had to take Aerospace, ROTC, physics, and this was kind of personal, but I had to take PE/Fitness for a physic body structure, so that I won't be weak, fat or plumply when I join the Air force. So I had to take step by step or take my time to accomplish my goal. Furthermore, people accomplish more if they are doing something because it shows progress towards their goals. In conclusion, people accomplish more if they are doing something because it shows they are striving for excellence, it shows determination, and it shows progress towards their goals. Also, by stating your mind on what you want to do people can make remarkable or impossible things that might shock the world. I think the right thing to do is for people to accomplish more if they have set their mind on something extraordinary or even more enhance.  