According to Emerson's statement and what he wrote, which is about to be myself in a world would make me something else, and it will be the greatest accomplishment. I am totally agreed with his statement because there are many things I can do well. Also, I can show to the world that being myself would make me see that I can do more than I think, I can develop many good ideas about life and how to build my future making good choices, which ones will make me feel good about what I am accomplishment. One reason why I agree with this statement is because being myself make me feel confident about what I am doing and how I can make it better. For example, I like the way I am and being happy, I like to be a person with positive thoughts. I like to demonstrate people that I can do good and make them feel proud of me of all the thing I can accomplish by my own. It will make me get perfect experiences in life which will help me to be a unique person and honest with myself. Second reason why I agree with Emerson's statement is because when I am myself I feel comfortable with me, I can demonstrate that being myself I can make good choices to be a better in the world, I can show many things which I would feel proud of. For example, I like to be myself when I have to present any project at school or at my job, I feel good to be myself and that way I explain it, I am confident with what I am presenting. It makes me feel honest to myself and everyone else. Another reason why I agree with this statement is because being myself I can develop many good ideas and I can share those ideas with everyone, I can do a good job and accomplish all what I want. For example, when I talk with somebody, I like to speak with the trust and share what I think. I like to do my job being myself because that way I would see how I am doing and what do I have to do better. In conclusion, being myself is a good way to see what I am good in and how I can get experiences in many thing, I can learn more about the world and learn more about me. It would make me see the world differently which one will help me to do the right things, and also it would make be a strong person in this world.