It is important try to do your best for conserve energy and resources. But, I disagree that my school follow this model and change to a four-day school week and extend the school day two hours. Even if maybe it can have some benefits but as student I think it can have many disadvantages for us. And if we want to conserve energy and resources we can do it follow others methods. I am not in favor of that my school follow this model for some reasons. First, this proposal could affect most to the students in many ways for example if they extend the school day two hours I think it is too much time at school it will be so stressful for the students and teachers as well. Another reason is because many students have to work a part-time after school. So, if they extend the school day two hours is possible that the students who have to work after school will, can work only few hours and some of them really need to work after school became maybe they live by themselves, and they have to pay rent and another bills it means they need the money. Then, these students who have to support by themselves maybe they will, can not go to school anymore if the school accept this new proposal because they have to work. Another disadvantage is that it will be stressful if we have to do our homework after have been almost whole day at school. Next, some students have to help their parents after school for example they have gone to pick up their little brothers from school and take care of them, or they have to cook, clean up the house, wash dishes, do the foundry and other stuff. So, if the students have to do these things they will don't have time to do their homework. Then, those students who have to work or help their parents after school will be so affect if the school follow this model maybe their grades will decrease because they don't do their homework, or they don't sleep well if they don't sleep well they will be distracted and not paying attention in classes. Another reason why I am not in favor is because sometimes maybe we want to hang out with friends, go visit your family and spend time with them but if we leave late school maybe we will be tired or have things at home to do. So, we will not have a time for that and sometimes we need time for ourselves, time to rest but if we have work, do homework, school we can not it is so stressful. Then, the students will not concentrate at school nor work. There are some benefits too for example for some students who don't have to work or help their parents after school, so they can rest when they get back from school, and they will have time to do their homework. Also, they can hang out with his friends or go visit his families on weekends. Another benefit is that if we have only four-day school the students will have one day left that can use to work all day or do other things like homework, go play soccer or other things for fun. So, with this model we can have 3 days without school and work those days and study the other four days if we live with our parents or someone who support us then if the school follow this model all not affect us, and it is a great option. In conclusion I am disagree to my school follow this model because I think it will affect the student and as student I want to be successful and responsible with my homework. Also, for those students who have to work they have to be competent in their jobs to not get fire because they need the money.  