My grandmother always says ''If you want to accomplish your goals you have to try different ways to get in the top of your objective.'' Back in my country Bolivia the majority of old people said that you have to be resourceful if you want to get what you want. I agree with this statement. In my opinion, I believe that people have to try to make something else to accomplish their goals because people don't trust themselves, people don't take second chance, doesn't matter the time. To begin with, most of the people do not trust themselves. There are people that think that can not do it, but they are wrong because if you propose something to yourself you have to work on it, you have to be a positive person if you want to persevere. You must have to trust in yourself. For example, my older brother never trust in himself, he always says what about if I do this and it no gonna work, he was negative, he always had negative thoughts, he never tries to make something else to get on top of his goals or what he wants. But one day my grandma talked to him. My grandma told him that he has to try even though things are hard, if he wants to accomplish his goals he had to try to make something else to achieve his goals. Secondly, there are people that don't take second chance to get on top of their goals. The 60% of people when they have something done, they don't like the result, so they don't want to do it again because they did ones, so they don't want to do it twice, they think that they going to get the same result. For instance, in my situation, I used to ignore the second chance because I thought that if I did one time, and it wasn't that great so is going to be the same the second time, but I was wrong. Hence, it wasn't like that, so what I'm trying to say is that is essential to try, try, and try, ''My mom always says don't be scared to do it, the thing that are worth it isn't easy you have to try and give your best.'' In addition, many people said you must have to try something else it doesn't matter the time. There are people that doesn't care how many times they try something, to get in their goals. The just think that they want to accomplish their dreams. For example, my best friend Generic_Name always says don't worry about the time you have to get what you want, you have to accomplish the things that you purpose yourself take the advantage of the time. To sum up, as you can see if you want to accomplish your goals you have to try different things. Just try to keep in your mind that the ones who work in what they want they to achieve. Many people may think why people should try twice, but that's not the point. The point is that you have to keep going and try your best to get your goals. I think people don't believe in themselves, don't try twice, and people don't think about the time.