Some businesses only work 4 days in the week maybe to conserve energy or maybe to the employers can rest one more day. I think it is a good idea to extending the school day two hours to a four days school week, but one reason that I agree with this opinion is that the student could more time to do their homework, and they could work too. The schools could save more energy if we go to school 4 days per week because we used a lot of energy during school day. Many students have babies they have to care them when they are out of school this option can be benefits for these students how have to be parents and students in the same time I love this school where I am because they help the students who do not have who can care their kids. In my point of view this option can help me and the rest of the students too, because we could do a lot of things in that day for example I have to work after school because I have to pay my rent, food, clothes and other things that a person need and If I only came four day in the week I could work all the day and make more money to help my mom. I agree with the businesses who only open4 days in the week because they want to save energy and money, For example when I was in mu country my family and I always saved energy because we don't had the money to pay the energy, sometimes I forget to turn off the TV and my mom yelled me and said "turn off the TV because you don't pay the energy." and sometimes I get mad because I wanted to listed music and watched TV. Some students have to do many things in the same time for example they have to be parented, student, and labor and the week is too short to them to do all the things and a day off can be so good for them because it's not easy to anyone to be responsible. I admire my mom because she was dad and mom for my and my brothers, and I was thought how can she do all those things, and then I realized that she wake up every day because she wants the best for us and doesn't matter how tired she felt. We can't "never give up" because fighting. In conclusion, I agree that the schools extending the school day two hours, and we came only 4 days on the week because sometimes we feel tired, and we can rest one day in the week because we have to work in the weekends too and the school can be beneficial too because they can save energy, food, water, money and a lot of other things. The Government will, can make that my dream came be true to have only 4 days of school.