Why I agree with the school board planning to add one and a half hours to school is because it would give us more time to learn in each of our classes, and it would benefit everyone.my reason for why I agree with the school boards planning to add one hour and a half is because if we are doing a worksheet or any notes and we don't finish the notes because of how less of a time we have in the class and with that that extra hour we can get some more time to finish work we need to finish. Another reason why I think that would be a perfect idea is because it would not only give us more time to finish and do work, but it would also be very helpful to the teachers. Because it would give them more time to teach us and finish things they need to do. And Teachers won't have to worry about not finishing their lesson because of how much time they have in that class. I also believe that if we do extend the school day longer we would learn more because of the extra time we are getting. And it would give us more time to learn. If we don't know how to do that subject the Teacher would have more time to go over it again and tell us step by step how to do it and help us to improve and get better at it. Another good reason is because that extra hour can help us get better at the subject you don't like or can help you get better grades because the Teachers can show you how to do it, and you won't struggle in test because teacher reviewed it with you, and it would benefit you because you would start getting better at it. The extended hour can benefit the teachers a lot because it would give them more time for planning and doing stuff they need to do and what that extra hour we can make up all the work that we didn't finish. The problem's if we do not get the extra hour is Teachers won't have time to get through their lesson because they won't have much time. And student's won't be able to get help on what they need help on. Another reason is that students will fall behind because they won't have much time to get through the subject they need to finish, and they will have to finish the next day while other people will be finished with that subject. These are my reasons why I would agree on the school extending the school day one hour and a half longer because it would benefit the students and the Teachers.  