Working alone will always be a better progress to your knowledge. Some people think that is better to work in group than by yourself. But many famous people have shared their own stories of life, and it shows how working alone can open your brain to another level and accomplish more of what others think that just can be done in group. I read an old story of my favorite wrestler, and he explained how he worked really hard at the gym to become one of the best wrestler man in the whole story;that's why I think is better to work alone because working alone help to increase your understanding, it shows that you are willing to grow on your own, and it will be one more step forward of your knowledge. Consider, for a moment, working alone will help to increase your understanding and if working alone have so many people on the top of hall of fame why we should not try to be one of those people, but to be one of those people we need to work harder than ever. However, people must work alone, and they must feel the pain of the hard work that they need to get done. Furthermore, to increase your understanding you must try to learn or do something new every single day of your life, In order to see the result of the hard work that you are doing, does not matter if that is a mental or physical work as long as you are doing a safe work to succeed in those goals. Besides, working by yourself is safer than working in group and when people work alone it show the desires to grow by their own experiences because a lot of times we trust people that we should not trust for many reasons as envious of what you are cussing at, pervert people in your group doing the wrong work that they should not do, and many times they do the wrong work just to see you down or because they are not interesting on the topic or kind of work than the group supposed to be doing. According to paragraph one, working alone will definitely take you to succeed in your goals, and you will get each of your goals done. However, you must be focus and give all the motivation to those dreams that you have in life. There is a lot of people that think is better to be working in group than by ourselves because five heads think better than a single one. True, I agree that five heads think better than one, but how about not every member in the group is agreed with the topic or the material that they are working on; what could happen there are problems between themselves because none of them have the same goals or thoughts. Moreover, it could even cause discussions with teachers, and it will be worse for the group, so which means working alone would be the best option for everyone to take. That way every person can work on their goals and express their different thoughts without getting into discussions. Concluding with paragraph one, two and three,'' working alone would be the best fit to you to accomplish everything you want as long as you work for it,''. That is why I always try to work alone in all ways because it helps to discover new things, a new person inside you, but also it helps to push yourself forward and always do your best in every single thing that you do on your own because at the end of the way whatever you accomplish,''that is going to be your legacy,''. If it were up to me, working alone would definitely be the first option to people to take in a classroom or any place that you are working on.  