Students failure the game every time when we have a game with another team, because for some reasons they do not beat the game. Sometimes student do not sleep as well, or they do not have much energy to play, because they do not eat before start the game. Everybody needs to know before they have a game we need to eat healthy, and drink enough water. Sometimes famous death for that kind of reason, so we need to learn about the experience. Life is very important for everybody, so we need to look what's the first thing we can do before they think and act too. Family is more important than the game, so they do not have time to practice. Sometimes family want to explore places for example; New York, Florida, and Boston that state has beautiful place to swim play, and we can do everything. That's why student do not have time to practice the game. Game is an important thing they can learn too much, and maybe in the future they can get an award like a professional or famous on games. Some students do not have time to practice, because they need to work to pay the bills for example; pay the insurance for the car, pay the rent where they live, and also pay the bill for the cellphone. That is the reason we do not have time to practice. That's why we failure the game, because we work at night, and then we are going to school all day. When it is time to practice the game we do not have energy to play, so that is the cause we lost the game every time. We needed to work a part-time on that way we got more time to practice the game, so the next time we can win the game. Sometimes the family do not help them, because they said we need to learn how they make a money to obtain the food for each person. Eating healthy is good for everyone, so we need to eat every day. Also, we can eat fruit every time, because that has too much protein. That is the first thing we can do before beat the team, because that make they strong. They need to go the gym too, because that help you to get a healthy body. Sometimes the first thing we can do is eating, and then go to sleep this is not a good choice for them. Please help all the students who are trying to work and continuing to go to school, because they are the future on the world. We need to help them because sometimes we have a dream, but nobody try to help that's why students can't realize they dream. If they can continue to study in the future they can earn too much money, because in the past it was hard for them, but now is more easily then the first time when they start 