Not everyone in the world is able to accomplish their dream. There are so many obstacles that make a dream impossible and a lot of important things to give up in order to reach it. The British Prime Minister Winston Churchill once said that "success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm." I agree with Winston Churchill because I also believe that failure, hope, and enthusiasm are the three keys to success in life. First, all the things have two sides. The bad side and the good one, not everyone can see these two sides because of two simple reason. The first reason is that they do not try hard enough to find a solution. The second reason is that they lost their hope. Failure has two side, but they are hard to see. The bad side of failure is that you did not reach that goal in your first or second try, and you give up everything. The good side is that you fail, but you learn a little on the way and that the next time you will be more close to reach that lovely goal. Second, some things that I have learn from family, friends, and own experiences is that hope is the most powerful thing in the world. Most people tempt to lose their hope when they fail, while for others that maintain it can be more able to success. When I try something and I fail I always ask a question to my self. The question is What would I be without hope? When I answer that question I feel that all my strength and enthusiasm that I need for reaching that dream come to me. Lastly, a person can not reach a goal without been enthusiast. No one in the world would fight for something that is not interested on. Enthusiasm is what give you the strength and hope to keep trying until you success. Enthusiasm can also be lost by a person when they fail so many times. The thing that make people lose their enthusiasm is the time. In conclusion, in order to be a successful person in life you need to make sure not to lose the three keys. Failure, that help you to gain experience, hope that help you to not give up, and enthusiasm that help you to keep trying. These is the three keys. Next time that you fail just thing about these three keys, and you will be able to success in your life.