In this competitive world people have to be a mastered in many things, but people are used to work in places that they are in comfort. Usually, people don't try to do something new that they are already do. What is the best advise to get growing? Ralph Waldo's statement is one, which motivates to others to explore new areas, and people will not grow, if they always do the same. To begin, in the society there are many jobs where is necessary to expand in new areas to get improvement like photographers that usually work shooting pictures, but they know how to shoot a video also. Photographers can explore new areas like cinematography world or work as a journalist. They know that explore new areas is the best way to grow as professional. In addition, people already know that leaving the comfort zone is another way to get a personal growing like student that travels to another country to continue his studies or like a doctor how explores new medicine branches to find a cure for illness. Both have the knowledge that exploring areas that they commonly are no related, will help them to grow. Exploring new areas led everyone to get a growing. To add, People will not be able to grow, if they don't change in order to grow. Persons that know how to do something very well, such as carpenter or construction, they decide to create their own businesses, but they are scared to fail. They are afraid to do something new as manage a business even if they are mastered on it. Entrepreneurs should to undertake their companies, and they should to invest in new equipment try to grow. If they just keep doing the same without invest, they will not grow as company. In contrast, many people say if someone always do the same, they will be a professional in that area. Like a professional sport player because they always do the same. However, even the professional sport player do something different every time, they have to improve their skill. If they just keep doing the same they can't play and be the best player either. This ideology is applied to many areas where the subject want to be successful. In conclusion, Ralph Waldo Emerson's statement has the reason, for people is not able to achieve their goal when they do constantly the same. People should explore beyond they are used to doing in order to get growing. In many circumstances dare to do new things will give people a benefit. Changes in live are always good it is just will to do it. People don't have to be mastered in one thing but many of them.