We have many parks that provide a wide of variety of interesting activities for everyone. There are many activities to enjoy, But I will give you a specific activity that people would enjoy spending time outdoors. Why someone might find that activity enjoyable?, I will explain and give specific details. As we all know that parks provide many activities for us. One enjoyable activity is playing soccer, You don't need to have good skills to play soccer. Many teens play soccer, or they are in a soccer team, because they enjoy it. I know there are a lot of enjoyable activities, but I chose soccer. I play soccer with my friends and family, we really find it enjoyable to go outdoors and have some fun together. Many kids don't like going outside because they think sports are boring, But they aren't boring to me. In the summer parks are open for you to enjoy activities with your kids and family. You can choose to do any activity you think is enjoyable for your family. Soccer is a sport that can help you keep you healthy and have a good body shape. Your kids will enjoy playing soccer with their friends outdoors. Many parents don't let their kids go places with their friends, because they think something bad might happen to them. Meanwhile, many kids like to play other sports that are different from soccer, but they still enjoy it. Soccer is the same as many sports kids do at school or at parks. Teens spend their time at parks playing many sports during the summer. My family go to parks to enjoy the water and play games that they never played before. If I enjoy playing soccer I think you will too, why not have some fun and probably hurt, but hope that doesn't happen to anyone. You feel free when you play a sport you like to play, or you might want to try a new sport. Always try something new because there isn't a lot of time to enjoy moments like that. Also, I think someone might find playing sports enjoyable, because it's fun playing outdoors with your family or friends. We have two seasons that we can play outdoors, and you will enjoy it. Also parents will enjoy spending time with their kids. Why not take time out your day, so you can spend time with your kids more. Yes, you might not like it, but many people do like going outside to the park with their children. I think spending time with your kids will let them know that you care and love them. In my conclusion one way you could have an enjoyable time outdoors is playing sports. Why not go outdoors and have some fun with your friends. Enjoy the time you have with your family and friends, imagine if something happens that causes you to not go outdoors. You might not like going outside, but do it for you and your own health. Outdoors can also help you get stress out and excise your body more. Enjoy the time you have to enjoy with your family. What activities do you like to spend time outdoors for ?