Some people believe that making mistakes is how peoples move on to success. Other believes that is if we are determinate person and having positives thoughts without limitations. Some others people realized right before they are committing the mistake, and they are just avoiding them. Although some say, succession in life without failures, our lives wouldn't make sense, because we would not learn how to be success in our life's. Actually, succession in life with failures is more beneficial to our life's, because we learn how to believe on us, and we may have a life without doubts. As a result, if we are the kind of person who doesn't makes any mistakes and realizing to success. I think that we wouldn't know what are we doing wrong to be determinate person. Also, most of the people wouldn't have knowledge to success in their lives. Actually, when people cling to themselves isn't good for their goals in lives. However, I believe that making failures is how we move on to success in life and is more beneficial to our life's. Otherwise, I can tell the 80% of the people believes that making failures is how we learn to success, and we become a civilized person. Sometimes most of the people have goals to achieve in their life's. As a matter of fact, when we are setting goals to our life's, and we can't get that goal it's because we are doing something wrong, and we don't even realize what's wrong with it. It's when we are learning to be focus and making sure next time to be success and whatever we did wrong. In fact, sometimes it's hard to when we have had failures a fewer times, because we do not want to commit mistakes, but I think that is a beneficial for most of the people. Because the most mistakes we have and at the same time we overcome to have more experience in life. First, when we fix what we did wrong. Also, I believe that fixing problems is a good way to be success in life. Second of all, my suggestions are that to be a positive person, and determinate, smart, and wise person it makes us a better person in success. In conclusion, some people believe that having failures is how we are success in life and others don't think that way. However, I do believe so that to be a success person, we have to fail a fewer times, because it's really important to me to be a determinate person. I think that those are my thoughts to be a better person in successful. And by the way, I'm totally agreed that we have to fail first to be a success person.