Should you start looking for career before you enter high school? Will it help you out and help you get a job that way, and is it important to set goals while you're in high school and try to reach those goals in the future? All those questions are important to me because on my opinion those are ways to succeed in life. Those questions can help you in the future if you use them. Knowing what you would like to do in the future can help you out because your school might have classes or after school club's for it. Yes it is important for young student to start looking for a career before they enter high school. Why is it important? Its is important because if student's know what they want to do in the future, they can take classes in high school to help them do that career. For example if I wanted to be a mechanic, I could take auto collision in Edison, and that would start to help me out and give me experience. Knowing what you want to be in the future can help you out a lot, and you do what you like to do, and on my opinion knowing what you want your career to be gives you an advantage in the future. For some people it isn't a problem to go to high school without know what there going to do in the future. They try to find out what they like, and what they don't like as a career for the future. Some people go to college not knowing what they want to do and find out till there in college. My sister is one of them because she went into college not knowing what she wanted to do or be, but once she started going to college she found out what she wanted to do which was an ultrasound doctor. Now that she knows what she wants to do she's studying and trying to reach her goal as being an ultrasound doctor. If you already have a mindset on what you want to do you can set goal's for yourself, and once you reach those goals set harder ones to reach. You can set many types of goal's like one day owning a 5-bedroom house or owning your dream car. You can set goal's with what ever you want like in the future, present, at school, anywhere. If your still in school a goal you can set is getting a and b honor roll or turning in all your work or even showing up to class every day. One of my goal's is to own my first car before I graduate which is a Lexus Is300 2001. Setting goal's is important in life, and Think everyone should set some goals for themselves's.