The life is being more modern, people also need to improve themselves. That's why some schools want to offer some programs which are good for students. Some school districts offer programs that allow high school students to graduate in three years instead of the traditional four years. Most students who allow this plan must take courses during the summers or in the evenings or may not be able to take elective courses. This plan has two positions, some people agree, but others don't think it's a good idea. Is it a good idea? It is. It is a good idea for students to finish high school in three years and enter college or the work force one year early if the students want because they can save time, they can have new experiences, new challenges which help for their life in the future, they still can take elective courses also have vacations latter after college or work if they want. Let's start with the first reason now. Do you agree that the time is limit? The time is the only thing you can't move back. Because of this, a lot of people, especially students are thinking how to spend time helpful. These programs will help many students save time. They can save one year in school, that also means they can reach success early one year. Many people spend summer having vacations to relax, and evenings watching TV, but the other people spend this time studying. They choose to have more time after success instead of have time when they haven't had anything. The next reason will be the reason help students the most. Most students who follow this plan will have a lot of experiences also challenges because they must have the same knowledge in shorter time than, they will have pressure, but it will grow up ourselves. They can become stronger, independent by working on own and have more information about lessons because this time is not enough for teachers can teach everything, they must research more. The last reason refers to elective courses. Many students like these courses, but some students don't. These programs do not require taking elective courses, so some students can skip these course which they don't like or do not helpful for their career. They also take these courses after college or work if they want. They can choose also consider what is they need. Moreover, this plan don't require you skip these elective courses, you just may not be able to take these, so if you want to take courses, you can plan for this. It depends on your choice. On the other hand, many students do not agree this plan. They think it gives stressful for them, they worry about they cannot have enough lessons. But if you think that it means you don't confide your ability also don't try for your future. Sometimes, the life needs challenges to grow up, and it will be interesting. To enter college or the work, all we need are knowledge or skill, not how long we took them. You can choose your way, success will come soon or later depends on you. Conclusion, we should support some schools offer these programs that allow high school students to graduate early if they can. Our life will change if we change, our success will come if we try, and it will happen early if we have a plan. After all, which one do you agree with? It is a challenge, but many students can do. However, it will be fair if students can choose take or not these programs.  