When I think about wisdom I think about my grandpa he tells me story of how he lived back in his countries. He talks about how he grow up poor and barely had anything to eat or get though the day and how going to school was a big deal. He also told me how his brother and father died when he was six-eight, but he also told me how he came to America and how hard it was. When my grandpa was born he was born poor. He had one brother a dad and a mom his dad did construct and his mom most got everyone ready for school and tried to make everyone food. The closest school near my grandpa was 3.4miles away he had to go walking, but he went to anyway school he cared about his learning and he found it fun. It was a big deal to go to school where my grandpa lived or lived nearby not many people get even get to go school at all it was that special. My grandpa was only five when his father died his father was a man with a lot of problems. His father got him self into so much other people and gang. People looked for father, but he kept low until one day he went to work and there were four people waiting for him, he tried to run, but he was too late because one of them shot him with gun they left him with three gun shot in his body laying on dirt he bleeds out before the could come and save him. As for grandpa brother he got sick he said sick for two months my grandpa told me he was smart to man he teaches my grandpa how read and write better my grandpa said "he the reason why he got such high grades in school" when he got sick that when my grandpa tried to do everything for him, so he can stay alive but back then medicine wasn't very good, and keep in mind we not in the u. s.a and it is the year 1976 and if you did have that type of medicine it very expenses. The most my grandpa and his mom can do is pray to god every night to get his blessing for his brother and his brother died in his sleep. They dug out a grave for him and everyone said there prayers his mother won't stop crying for one month, but then she accepts the fact he was dead. When my grandpa got older had two daughters and two sons, and he meant my grandma. He had to take the test to go to u. s.a. He told me it was hard because you had to learn a lot about u. s.an off of a notebook they give and out of that notebook they ask you 50 question out of the 200 question they could ask you, and it all random after he passed him he starts to pack his back to America he said "bye" to my grandma his two daughter and two sons. When he was going to America he wanted to go to Virginia, and he did he told me it was hard at first because he only knows a little an of English he was looking for a job, and he found one he worked at a restaurant and two other jobs once he starts to make money he starts to save it up to bring his daughters and sons and his wife he took him about 8 months he said to get all the money saved up. Once he brought them I was born soon after we lived in Generic_City for as long as I can remember now my grandpa works at a school and is happy with things are right now.