I believe it has been said that a positive attitude is the key to success in life. Because you keep the best future form you life if you have positive attitude you have better opportunities and a better success and your life. The positive attitude the help a have many opportunities a different thing what you make for example and your life personal, works, family but form principal and my himself. If you have the positive attitude you have the better success level personal or professional. Form when you have a positive attitude with other personas you success in life is better. Because I thinks maybe the other person I have a day bat, when you have the expression, and you face is a smile you help the other person a smile, and think what pass your problem. Your positive attitude a help another personas a proceed with your life and best your life. The positive attitude a help every day, i have a good day because when my I have a positive attitude with other person my feeling is very good why thinks what with can see the person with a smile the help a no thinks a problem for a moment. And feel what help an other persona a situation bat and this moment an attitude good for my help a life. I think what you have the positive attitude you have better success and your works. Because form example an works, and you have a positive attitude with your team or members of works. I then you have better opportunities with promotion a better status what you make o practice a positive attitude the help a have the best relationship with your team. And your works is better that environment is best. If you have the positive attitude for help the other people and your word the environment never being evil, what the best environment and a think what your words be the best environment what you have and to help a have lot success an life. When you have the positive attitude with you family that relationship is better. And your feeling is good. And then help a what your life form being a better person. What that relationship and the family is the best, for your have the best future what they are your best team for your life.because for example and my life my family help my everyday because when my father is died me help you have a good relationship with my family for survive of depreciation, and more thing. And have a good with relationship with my family me help as the positive attitude help a survived any problem At this moment. But conclusion I think what you have the positive attitude your success in life. Is the best why the attitude is the key of success, when your positive attitude never your be alone en your life. Because they have positive attitude with other person help a life a level be professional, personal wherever the attitude is the best key for your life. Remember when your action is good your reward is the success where you go. Surcharge thought At this moment is the worse, never your change you attitude with other person, because the other person no have that blame form your problem or action At this moment. And your personality is bat with the other person the other person with you maybe are equal you. And to remember if you have forever your have positive attitude with other peoples form you have the best success in your life.