Generic_Name. Introduction:We can see to simple nudes ayes when some people have the high enthusiasm, and we can detect if a person are sad, happy, when you're talking or with yours expressions to the other people. The people who have enthusiasm are the persons who ever have more people in the around who's can help them, so if they see a person sad, they go where him, and they try to be happy him again, or they asked you how they can help that person, but a person who doesn't have enthusiasm they worry about to other people. People who have enthusiasm:They can to do all whatever they want, because they are happy. They can create a great ideas when they are happy At that moment. They can help to other person who need help. They can to be the best in everything. They can to be happy to the people who are tired or sad. People who don't have enthusiasm:If you don't have enthusiasm, you can not do anything. How you can help to other person if you don't have your own enthusiasm. If your enthusiasm is bad, don't be alone. If you don't have enthusiasm, you don't want to do anything. Do you agree with Churchill's statement about the important role that failure plays in the pursuit of success? No, I'm not agreed with him because, if we failure and failure every time again, so we enthusiasm go to down, but if we failure just one time and the next time we are more separate, is almost same that happen to me the day November 19, 2018,that for see the hour from my phone, some people think that I did cheat in the SOL, but I don't need to do that for pass this SOL. Conclusion:The bad enthusiasm not just affect one person, that affect to the people who are in the around because if we can transmit cheerfulness to the other person and the other size the coin, other people can transmit the bad enthusiasm I think so, so the person who have a good enthusiasm they try to help to the other people. Winston Churchill with that he said, I understand that thing; That person who's failure and failure, are the person stronger because each failure they return more stronger, and they do the best job. 