Hello students my name is Generic_Name. Today we will be doing basketball lesson for P. E class. Basketball is one of the best sports, it's also fun to play with friends. So we are going to do some basketball moves the first basketball move were going to do is the crossover. The crossover is the greatest move in basketball history. Frist thing you have to do is move the ball to your right and then switch it to your left as fast as you can. The next move is around the back, you pretty much have to do is move the ball around your back, and then you're done simple as that. Now we're going to talk about stories about the greatest basketball players, that was used to be in the NBA. The first man we're going talk about is Kobe Brant, who used to play with L.Lakers, and won fore champions chip games. He was the player in the league no one can stop him, people call him The Black Mamba because he was too fast. The real thing about him is he's a father, a producer, and he has his own basketball school called Mamba academe. He teaches good lesson like we did before. But sad news about him is that he died on a helicopter crash in February 17, 2020. Some of his kids were in the helicopter cars too. Kobe died in the age of 41 and people never sad that this happens. The next basketball player we're going to talking about is LeBron James which he's still in the league. He only won three champion chip games, and play for only two teams. LeBron used to with the team called Cleveland Cavaliers, then he went in the Miami Heat. Reborn James is now playing in the L.A. Lakers that Kobe used to be in. People name him King James because he was the best at doing every thing. That means he's good at offense, defense, he is a lot of Google Ads. But that's not just the real him, he's a father, loves to work out, and he teaches his son to be a good basketball player. This next story is not about a famous basketball player, this story is about me. When I was young I always love watching great basketball players, so I got my ball and just start practicing basketball moves. I was doing jump shots, lay up's I was doing every thing. At my high school year I play for the schools team Generic_Name, we won a lot of games, but we only won one champions and then the other games we kept loosing. But it doesn't matter about wining what matters is how hard you play. So in conclusion they all have in common guys. Like were Kobe teaches his kid to work hard and that's the same way that we did to. Member to always wisent to your teacher and concentrate on their lesson that there giving to you, so you can do the lesson correctly.