Do you think imagination is more important than knowledge? Why do you think it's important? Let's see why I think it's important! Well think about this you have the knowledge, but you never imagine things that you think you can't do. If you just imagine or think bigger about what you want or what you want to do. One day you will active your goal or dream. One of the reason why I think imagination is important ant is that if you don't imagine what you want to do in future as your job or hobby. When you're in school you're not going to try your best and show effort. If you don't learn anything at school when you are older to get a job, you're not going to get the job you want, because wherever you are there will be someone that want the same job as you but trying harder than you, learning harder than you, and showing more effort than you. Which means effort creates achievements. For example, you went to an interview for a job at a store to be a cashier and there are 15 people that want to be cashiered. But they only need one. So first they asked everyone what do you do when the costumer comes in. One of them said you have to smile and say hey, do you need help with anything? And you said you continue doing whatever you're doing. Who do you think there going to pick? Of course the first one right? Because she showed them effort and willing to do the job. That why you have to imagine what you want to do in future and try your best in school. Second reason is that you have your knowledge, but if you don't imagine or think bigger you're not going active big things in your life. The people who failure in life are the people who quit something one step away from success. That's what a lot of people do. But the people who successes in life are the people who took the step that a lot of people quit which the hardest step to take. For example, you want to start a company, but the people around you said that you're not going to success. Although they said that you started a company anyway. After a month no one wanted to invest you company. You kept asking people to invest your company. So one person did, with that money you paid the bill. Then nothing happened to your company. But if you stop asking people when no one wanted to invest your company would have been closed. So you have to imagine thing and use your knowledge to active them. Third reason is you have to imagine things as your dream and get a lot of knowledge by learning at school. When I was little I wanted to become a doctor when I grow up. Then I started imagining to help and more stuff. When I go to school. I told myself you have to be good at science, math and other subject to become a doctor. So I will have knowledge about things that you have to know to become doctor. So you have to get a lot of knowledge to active the things you imagine. So I think imagination is more important than knowledge. But knowledge is still really important. I feel like everything starts with imagination first. Then you go to school to get your knowledge increase every year. You work really hard to make imagination becomes reality.  