Students Need to Identify a Career am in 11th grade and I are still thinking in what career should be better for me, if I could expect a career by the time I entered to High School, I could not being worry about what career should be better for me. I think that is a good idea that students are expected to identify a career by the time they enter high school, because in the four years that they are in high school they can get prepare in the career they want. By the time the students enter to college it will be much easier for them because they have already decided what career should be better for them. There are four years in high school, students can use those years to star to learn a little in the career they chose. For example, I had one friend that he wanted to be a scientist, so when he was in high school he gets prepared to a scientist, he started to look what he need to be a scientist, he looked how many years he had to go to college, he found that science has a lot of math problems that he did not know, and he started to learn math. The four years in high school can help you to get prepare in your career you want. Another reason why students are expected to identify a career by the time they enter high school is that when go to college it will be much easier for them. If the students identify a career by that time, in college they can only focus on the career they chose. There are many students that go to college, and they have not already decided what career should be better for them, and in many cases there are students that are out of college and still thinking what to do with their life. That's why it is important for students to identify a career by the time they enter high school or at least when they are still in high school. In my opinion it's good idea that students are expected to identify a career by the time they enter high school, because if they could identify a career that they might think they would like, that could be a lot of helpful, because by the time they go to college they don't get stress because they don't have much time to decide what career could be better for them.  