Changing the cafeteria lunch menu is a awful idea because not all students may eat the food, students may have an logic reaction and that can be awful for the students, and students would throw away all the food causing the school losing money on trying to make the kids happy. In this stage of life, people/students are so picky these days. Students would look in their food to make sure that the food is perfect right. If the food smells weird or the food looks nasty most students would throw it away, or they would just not touch it and starve until they get home. Me Generic_Name, I'm a really picky guy, if I'm going to eat something I want that to look personal. Schools should leave the school menus alone because you may not know, but some kids have clergy. Students when they have something like that they think it is a weird thing to have but its specifically fine and normal. Kids that are in school don't like telling people what they have in side them because they are scared that students would make fun of them. That's why schools should leave the menus alone because they don't know the right information about the students. Some schools around the world have money to ah ford a lot of things for the students. Schools want to change the lunch menus for the students, so they can be more happy in what they eat. But what they do not know there are so many kids that are picky, so they don't eat the food and throw it away. That is not good for the school because they are losing money and its not worth doing that, if the students do not appreciate the new food the schools are trying to give them, the schools should use the money on something else that the kids would like. Schools should just leave the lunch menus how it is because schools are not getting the information they wanted back. The schools are wasting money, kids are not eating the food and are throwing it away, students have clergy so in order for all that not to happen, schools should leave the menus alone and not even bother to change it. School saves more money, students stay happy, and no student would get sick.