CertainOccupations Through Internship and shadowing to discovery schools have partnership with companies that allow students to explore certain occupations through internship and shadowing opportunities to discover. Many schools look for the best for you to graduate and to have the best paying job, like I think it's a great idea that the school lets them go out to discover many things that we don't even know and things we never even knew that it excited at all. Students this day's don't even know what they want. I would and will do it of convincing my principle of school to let kids to explore a bunch of things like I said before like trying to take them to field trips for them to learn how to use credit cards and take them out to explore nature and study countries. The opportunities to discover will take him to the highest of knowing what he will really want in his future and college for a fact that many kids don't take lead for being scared. Taking the biggest step ever to learn the new life becoming adults. You should never listen to people taking because they will want one thing and another you should think of what you really are passion of working without any complain. I would convince my manager to take me many places, so I will be clear and happy about it. Let's say principle or manager to let's explore new things like better paying wage job like that you won't be killing yourself. That would help of us thinking if we learn something we love it we can even make our own business and will make lots of money. That will be a fact why asking your principle for many things of going out to explore a bunch of things, like that you won't be worrying about money, paying stuff, and won't be dealing with bosses because I hate that they pressure you so much. If I ask to explore I would love to learn to read panels of when they build houses and buildings because they make a lot of much money since there isn't much people to do that. If your parents don't afford shouldn't be a problem if you have good grades you can earn dealerships to pay for them, You just worry about going out and finish high college of 4 years and enjoy it because you will definitely miss it after wards.  