Community parks provide a lot of fun ways to spend time outdoors. One of my three favorite ways to spend time outside would be playing sports, gardening and exercising. It's a productive way to spend your weekends. First, Playing sports outdoors is very fun way to spend the day. You can play with your family and friends. You learn about communication and teamwork while playing sports. Communication is a life skill that is used every day. You'll always talk to someone weather your saying good morning or good night speaking is always needed when talking to someone. Teamwork shows you how to value players on a team. Knowing your teammates worth and dreams is always a great way to start a lifetime friendship. Playing sports outdoors is a great way to spend your time. Next, Gardening is a way to help out plants and to have fun. Gardening or watering plants gives the plants' energy. Gardening may be done with family and friends. You're spending quality time with those around you. Buying seeds and planting them helps out the plant world by giving them new places to live. You may fix up the parks gardens to make it look nice. You don't lose anything from watering plants. Cutting grass or cleaning up around the neighborhood is a good thing to do. You're doing a favor to your neighbors and nature. Gardening is a relaxing and fun way to spend your day outdoors. Finally, Exercising isn't done by many people, people just want to spend time indoors and just watch television. Exercising is very important for humans to do. An average human is supposed to exercise three times a week. Going to the park and going for a run is a great way to exercise. Your loosing body fat and building up muscles. You may see animals and plants while your running. You can also exercise with your family and friends you don't have to exercise alone. Exercising is very relaxing and it's helps with blood pressure. You don't have to eat that healthy but It's good to exercise at least three times a day. In Conclusion, Spending time outdoors is very enjoyable. You can do these activities with the people around you. Three enjoyable ways you can spend time outdoors is by playing sports, gardening and exercising 