Positive attitude is the key to success in life. It has a big impact in our life, and remove negatives thoughts in an incredible way. Also, if we do not start thinking in a positive form; life will be hard for us. Furthermore, positive attitude guarantee a different way of thinking it can change the way we are, and how our minds are more open to others opportunities. I agree with positive attitude because it can change our lives for a better future. Positive attitude is the thing that all humans needs in life. Firstly, if we have a positive attitude our lives can change in the way that very few people can reach. For example, we will gain more opportunities to jobs like have a good recommendation of the society, finding jobs would not be that hard, and gain to have more friendships. In addition, other case is to behave with the family that almost all young people has for example: having good communication, feel good around them, etc. Also, discussing with other people would not be an issue because we are prepared for how negative attitude appears in the persons who do not want to change the way of think. Moreover, our positive attitude can change the mood of a person. Secondly, positive attitude improves our mind state in the way that negative thoughts cannot go into our brains. However, sometimes this negative thoughts can also ruin our day by putting obstacles like, the boss is angry, and we do not know how to react, having a bad lunch, or no having enough hours of sleep. But, positive attitude has a big impact that right away make us think differently and make us feel secure. In sequence, an experience at school that all human being has is when we have a test, and we are worried that we will not pass, the teacher comes and say "is not a big deal, I know you all can do it" and that is where positive attitude comes. Also, positive attitude has to influence in everybody, so we can have a better world. Thirdly, we all are different, but we can try to improve our skills in positive attitude by reading books, listen to other people, and make a change in our habits. On the other hand, we can try to make contact with people that has positive attitude to the maximum, they will help us to see things from a different perspective of view. In addition, introducing new people in our lives will make a big change. Also, it will make us more responsible at the time that we have to read, write, or talk appropriately. Lastly, this will lead us to a better and different way of think; it will improve our knowledge. Lastly, positive attitude can support us by building a better future for our lives. But, sometimes it can be difficult to manage our emotions. Positive attitude can improve us to do better in our emotions. It will make us strong in whatever situation we are passing through. A lot of people that are around us would not like it but, is a process that we want for be different from them. Positive attitude is ambition for those who wants to live better and wants to reach their dreams.