Is it true that some students at some point in their life want vacation time? Yes, because not everyone is a retard that wants to be studying and going to school all the time. Almost every student wants rest from homework. I think having a summer break for students is a good idea because it gives students some time to relax their brain and body. It gives them time to spend some time with their family and enjoy their every minute of life.First, I think it's a good idea to have summer break because it gives students some time to relax their brain and body. It gives students some free time to do what they want to do like trying new things out, playing new sports and finding what their real talents are, instead of doing school work and other activities all the time. Doing meditation is perfect for your brain and mind, and it's only done when you have time for it and nothing to distract you. Secondly, I think it's a good idea to have summer break for students because it gives them time to spend some time with their family. Some of us are awful at giving our parents time in life because it's just too much to do every day. Half of student's day they spend in school and get no extra time for their parents. Spending time with parents is not wasting time when your really enjoying it, and it's a good time spend. On the other hand, some people might argue that it's not a good idea for students to have summer break because they will waste their time by being home all day or texting their friends. It will kill their education time and won't give them enough time to get to where they want to be in the future. In conclusion, I think it's a good idea for students to have summer break because it gives them the opportunity to go new places they have never been to and try out new dishes they never tasted. I think life is too short to be doing homework and studying for tests, and planning for your future. Life is about having some fun time and enjoying every little moment with your family and friends instead of focused on one thing all day and every day which is school.  