Career commitmentHaving a good career after graduation is every students' success. Most student are wondering when is the perfect time to start thinking of what career they should focus on, so should student commit to a career at a young age, or students should wait after graduation to commit to their career? Students may have a lot of chances to learn about different careers, and different field of studies while they are waiting to chose what career to focus on before graduation; however, it is a great idea for students to commit to their career at an early age. It is a great idea for students to commit to a career at a young age because student will know what type of courses are required for that particular career, students will not worry about what to do after graduation, and students will be able to develop some fundamentals skills needed for their future career. Initially, it is a great idea for students to commit to a career at a young age because students will know what type of courses are required for that particular career. As a student looking for a successful career it is always a great idea to stay on top of your academic purposes. Knowing your purpose make is easy for you to elevate, and push yourself to achieve your goals, it will be really easy for a student to finished their courses because they already know what they need, so all they have to do is display some effort, and confident in them self. For instance, a student may want to get a major on computer engineer. some requirement needed for that are: Math, Science, some wide knowledge on Computer software, and Computer Hardware. By knowing all these will be a great advantage for that student. That would a great reason why student should commit to a career at a young age because it helps them know the requirement needed for that particular career. Secondly, it is a great idea for students to commit to a career at a young age because student will not be worrying about what to do after graduation. As a student there is a lot going on in our personal life. Thinking every day about what to do after graduation will be a stressful situation to be in. Knowing what to do before you graduate will not lead you to a stressful situation. An example, will be a student may have some family issues, and thinking of how to tackle those issues, so having to think about what to do after graduation without you knowing already will be really stressful. In that case I will say it is better for students to commit to a career at a young age because students will not have to worry about what to do after graduation. In addition, committing to a career at a young age is a great idea. Because students will be able to develop some fundamentals skills needed for their future job or career. To get started with a career you may need to know basic skills that will help on the way, and I think it is a huge advantage for student to start practicing some of these skills before going to the actual field of work (career). For instance, an Internship Program. Student may be attending an internship class, to develop some skills. Student that attended an internship class may feel one hundred present confident to display what they have learn during their Internship class to the outside world. More Importantly this will help students to get started after graduation. Fundamentals skills are essential for any jobs or careers, so for any student that have the chance to learn some fundamentals skills of a particular job or a career would be a great head start for that student. That is why it is a great idea for students to commit to a career at a young age because it will help students develop their some fundamentals skills needed for future career. In conclusion, it is important for students to commit to a career at a young age because students will know what type of courses are required for that particular career, students will not be worrying about what to do after graduation, and students will be able to develop some fundamentals skills needed for their future career. For students to get a successful career student should always think ahead in terms of academic purpose. Knowing your purpose as a student is very important, and will always help students to be successful. As a final thought I would say knowing your major at a young age is very helpful, and it is an advantage for you as a student.  