Having school every single day is nobodies favorite free time to others it's there favorite hobby it also takes time and a lot of studying to. There making everything so easy for us this year they will do 3 years of high school if I'm studying really hard to not stay for all 4 years by that addition they will be including to have courses during on summers or in evenings or may not be able to take elective courses. Which will be really helpful for me to have more hours to myself more of my free time I could study way more to. More than I knew about these programs I'm glad I found about it because it can be a big change for me and everybody else. It's a 50 50 deals to me because you're going to miss on 1 year, but also you can do so much go apply to colleges and have a job because you would have more time for all the better that's coming to you. On the outcome you would be helping yourself out spend your summer on school time, or you can have fewer hours of going to school on evenings sleep in more in the midway. All 4 years you can be doing the total of 3 years you would just be doing full time, but it's also the choice you make on evenings or in the summer days. Luckily you can do anything what you want and could imagine if you can put your mind to it, and it will appear better days. Although everything in life you will get because It's how you want your future to be but if it's for you, it will not go away. At any age you can graduate young or as an older person but when you do, you will be a successful leader. My main priority in life is school since I was a child I always love coming in to school it was always my focus in life to overcome the end of it. School has always been my favorite because you saw your friends, and it's how you start your day also good connection than having a studying buddy to make everything work. A high school diploma is your way to the next door it's access to everything you will ever need later on to your future. After your done high school you will be feeling as a pot of gold apply in pressure, and you will get there apply to many awesome colleges and now that you have time you can have a job. The program is an outstanding choice and make the choice now you're missing on a lifetime opportunity.