The purpose of always doing something helps us get different kinds of experiences, it helps us accomplished what we are doing and gives a purpose to what we want to do in the future. Throughout life, the experiences that you get can help keep you motivated on what you should and shouldn't do as well. In comparison, when you are inactive you aren't benefiting from anything, and you are just not getting enough experience for what you want to do in the long run. This is a major factor on how well you live your life and how you want your life to be. I do support that we accomplish more when we are always doing something, and it helps contributes to how we all live our daily lives. One factor why I believe that this contributes to our daily lives is that, it helps you get an education on something new or just a job that you are interested in. While, going to school and getting an education is a major rule in a human life; it is not for everyone, and it all depends on how much effort you put in and if you are willing to put in the effort as well. In many countries and cities, not all jobs require an education all you have to do is have experience in a certain area or part that makes you want to learn more. This helps decrease inactivity and upbraid activity while you are doing something like helping your community, feeding the homeless, giving advice to young kids. It all just depends on how well you put yourself out there and willing to make a commitment about it as well. A second factor why I believe you feel accomplished by doing something is that, it gives you a purpose in life and a feeling that won't be given again. From my experience of helping kids with their homework after school it has always given me always a good feeling and making me proud that I am helping the community. This helped me gain self-satification for myself and let me understand the importance of showing kids at a young age how to be accomplished when you put the energy and time too. Another example I ever felt when doing something is when I play lacrosse, and how every time I don't make my mile time I strive to do better for myself. Lacrosse has helped me put in an understanding on how self-satisfication doesn't come easy it takes time and effort. This benefitted me get motivated for what I should do more and always helping me understand that if I put in my time and energy then there won't be a problem on feeling accomplished. Doing something you love and getting that ratification helps you serve purpose and feel more accomplished for yourself as well. One last example of how always staying active can help influence your accomplishment is that you are acknowledging that you are given a purpose to uphold. I do feel like many people don't seriously take the opportunities given, and it is very hard to undertake as well. I would certainly always feel accomplished when doing something that can help let others know I care and not just for my own image. Furthermore, I agree that many factors can influence decision-making but also making others understand how important you are to someone as well. In conclusion, the more work you put in ;the more you are in feeling accomplished and in pleasing yourself as well. This can help give you a self-esteem boost for yourself and let others know that you are willing to put in dedication for yourself. Many people that I have talked to said that they have always felt like their community helps them grow and feel like they should give something back as well. Doing something remotely even small can benefit anyone's day in comparison in doing nothing. Working for what you need to do is different for working for what you want to do and this helps you understand the need for self -ratification and social-satisfication. 