The quote says, "Unless you try to do something beyond what you already mastered, you will never grow." I disagree with this statement. Because people need extend their studies, so that they can learn new important information that can benefit new research, also they can set new ideas, so they can make new studies and discoveries. Thirdly they can grow by teaching other people how to learn the same material. You can grow be doing a lot of different activities and teaching Methodist way to grow is to try to learn more by studying. This is an important factor to learn more about in full detail like Isaac Newton he discovers the law of gravity because of an apple that fell on top of his head. Then he makes a lot of theories about what may cause such phenomenon, so he studied it by creating equations and a math subject called Calculus. There are many others for example: Shakespeare, Beethoven, Albert Einstein, Stephen Hawkins, and Leonardo Dance. These smart men did not stop because there is always something new to discover and grow. Second way to grow is discovering new information. Every single day people learn something new, which is a benefit our society weather it's good or bad because you can have new ideas or discoveries. An example is cancer. A deathly decease that can kill you and there is no cure. Scientist are doing experiment on trying to find a cure and that takes a lot of time to gather information. This scientist do not stop even though they mastered science. They want to continue helping people from suffering this bad decease they want to grow and learn more they will not stop until they find a cure, so people can live as long as possible with their families. Third way to grow is by teaching other people. Teaching other people can help you be a better person and letting people know your methods, so they can succeed with your help. Doing that will help yourself and other. It's another way to a good mentality, also you can grow bigger. In conclusion there are different ways to grow even though you mastered it. That is why I disagree with this statement, and there is never enough or too good to learn. I will never get tired of learning new fascinating stuff about this world and the outer world.