My Talent talent or skill is something that is unique about everyone. It takes time to develop a talent or a skill. A talent or skill basically is something you are good at doing. Many people have the ability to move their ears, but some don't. Most people like dancing and are good at it, so it is a talent. Around the world, many people have more than one talent. My talent is to sing and write music. Some people in the world haven't found their talent yet. One way to develop talent is to try everything. If you try everything, you'll eventually find something you are good at. During this process you'll probably be trying different things you haven't done before, like skydiving. Even though finding a talent or skill might sound hard and take some time, it can be done easily. By trying everything you can find many actives you might be interested in. Soon, those activities might become a talent or skill. Sometimes by trying everything, you might not be able to find your talent, but you can always look at it another way. Trying different strategies can be helpful to find a talent as well. Another way to develop a skill or a talent is to make a checklist. You can make a checklist about the activities you would like to try. Most researches say, a talent is something you are interested in doing. If you are interested in baking, it might soon become one of your talent or skill. Simply by making a checklist, you can find many interests. Even though there are a lot of steps for making a checklist, you will find a talent or skill soon. The third way to develop a talent is to go outside. If you go outside, you will learn and experiences many things you didn't know. Many people these days are stuck in their electronics and never notice the world outside them. If you go outside and explore you'll find many interests and enjoy them. The world outside us is big and has a lot to offer and has opportunities, like cooking, acting, sing, and e. t.c. There is so much that awaits in the world. Everyone has a talent or a skill, if not, they can find one eventually. Three ways to develop a talent or skill is to try everything, make a checklist on activities that interests you, and go outside. These three ways can help you find a talent and your talent may help you find career. Sometimes the activities you are interested in and are good at doing, might not be your talent, because skills and talents can just be hard to find. A talent or a skill is something that is unique and plays a good role of describing who you are. 