Using the checklist is important because if you think something is done incorrectly, you can see on the checklist and go over the checklist for writers. If you see something that you might have done wrong, you'll know the mistake that you did. But if you refuse to check the list for writers, you might not know what you did wrong, and you might make the same mistake over and over again. Making sure you have everything correctly, can help you in the future, and you will learn a few skills that you might have not known about. Not everything has to be done perfectly, you could make a few mistakes, and you could be fine with it. Some people like everything to be done perfectly well and done correctly, learning a few skills can make you have better achievement than others. Other's may not want everything be done well and say "eh, good enough." or say "well, that's close enough." Everyone has different opinions and different thoughts. Most people are too lazy and don't want to check the checklist for writers, or just want it to be over, so they don't check and get things done incorrectly. Checklist for writers has everything a writer might need, like seeing if you have done your grammar correctly or if you use sentences in a great term, and use punctuation correctly. Those few skills and make you a better writer and make you successful, editing is one of the checklist for writers. Editing is important because you edit things and make it better by making it amusing or interesting. Editing something can be fun because you can get to add things, have plenty of more ideas. One of the important things besides using good grammar and spelling is making your message clear. People can get confused because they don't know what kind of message you're trying to give. People can misunderstand your message, and you might get embarrassed because they couldn't understand your message. That's why you need, well you don't need to, but it's better if you do check and see if your message is done well.