The statement is "the first impression is almost impossible to change" which is a different feeling for everybody, but for me, I disagree. In fact, the first impression is really important and sometimes true, but I think the first impression does not define a person, an object or a situation. Having a first impression is a human reflex, like having an opinion or a judgment. We are doing it unconsciously. The first impression is most of the time not real, you need to search deeper to make an opinion and when you really have an opinion, then, the first impression is not important anymore. For example, when you meet someone, your first impression might be that you think she is supercilious and even a little mean. Therefore, when you really get to know her deeper than you will find that she just had a bad day and that she is nice and sociable. Sometimes it's the contrary, a person seems really nice but in reality she is not, so your first impression was wrong. It is not good to stay on a first impression because most of the time it's wrong. Moreover, the physic, behaviors or attitude can change an impression. If the person do not smile and seems to be rude but in reality is the nicest person, then it will be awkward for you because you thought she was bad. Sometimes a person can have a bad reputation because of the first impression he shows, and it is not his fault, some persons just don't smile every time. Sometimes you can be disappointed because you didn't get to know the person because of your first impression. The first impressions are not only for people but also for a situation or an object. For example if you are in a library, and you want to buy a book, the first thing you are going to do is looking at the cover of the book. If it's pretty you will more easily choose this one instead of a book with a black cover and only the title, because it is your first impression. But your first impression is wrong because you didn't take time to read the resume, and you will find soon that the pretty book is actually boring instead of the black book which is fascinating. An object can look nice but have a bad quality. The first impression is the color and the shape of the object, like the physic and the attitude of a person. In conclusion, I would say that the first impression is sometimes right but most of the time it's not. In my opinion, you must not keep in mind your first impression of a person, it's most of the time wrong. You have to get to know the person to build your own opinion. It is normal to have a first impression, like judging, but you must not take the habit to stick with your first impression.  