Do you think that should be students finish high school in three years, enter college and get a job early? Some students, parents and teachers are agreed with that the students finish the high school fast. I think the students should be finish high school in three years because, they will, can graduate of the university more early, they will get a job fast, and probably they will, can do your life better, to age early and be independents. In this paper, I will argument that in my country El Salvador; The High school is of three years. My old sister was graduated of the high school at you're seventeen years old. She enters to the university, and now she will graduate of nurse at you're twenty-one years old, however, I feel that is better that the high school should be of three years because, I'm in the high school and I will graduate at my nineteen years old. I think that, I will late to graduate for the university, more if I take a profession of eight years to studies. In my school, the students, parents and teachers voted, to know how many are agreed with that high school should be of three years. The 70% of the votes was the answers that yes, they are agreed that the high school was three years. Some teachers say that, is a better way that the students will, can have opportunity to graduate more fast, since that some students don't pass the class or the scholar years. They have the reason because, my brother don't pass the scholar years, now he needs to repeat the grade nine. He will take five years in the high school not four. My mom was graduated too at you're seventeen years old in high school. When she was twenty-five years old, she graduated of doctor, and then she got a good job in the hospital. In the same time she went to night school because, she wants to be too heart's specialist, and she was graduated again when she had 30 years, and now she has two good jobs, have better life. I think that she can graduate early, because she only got three years en high school. Three years in high school is a better way to that the students can graduate early. Some school districts are disagreed with that but, they are wrong because, the students will, can have more fast a good job, if they're going three years at high school. In the future I hope that the high schools will be of three years not four. 