Inactivity always serve a purpose Thomas Jefferson wrote; of how "wonderful much may be done if we are always on it nonstop." Will I believe, that inactivity always serve a purpose because in order to finish what you're doing, you have to take breaks between them and your body won't shut down while your doing it? Although, some people may say we accomplish more if we are on it all the time. Inactivity always serve a purpose because in order to finish what you're doing, you have to take breaks between them. To begin with, that's why now in days we have Saturdays and Sundays off. For example, our bodies wouldn't be able to function without any stopping point. Next, we're not even going to be able to sleep with all that pressure building up on us. Lastly, even animals take rest after along day of hard work to continue on moving. Inactivity always serve a purpose, because your body won't shut down while your doing it. For starters, we can be working, but we might be falling asleep at the same time anything can happen. However, we might even get hurt doing work hours depending on what your job is. To finish off with, we can lose our lives while driving or cost others. Some may say we accomplish more if we are on it all the time, because we can get more work done, and we can finish faster. First, we can learn something faster if we are on it all day nonstop without rest. Second, if we are on just on that we make better results of ourselves doing what we are doing. For example, if we are building an apartment or house you name it. We might just finish faster without a stopping point. It'll just take less time to get there, Just as a journey that takes you wherever you go without stopping. Lastly, is great when you don't stop moving forward and accomplish your goals your'll make it. Inactivity always serve a purpose, because in order to finish what you're doing, you have to take breaks between them and your body won't shut down while your doing it. Still, some people may say we accomplish more if we are always doing something. In the end, I believe Is all up to you to determine weather or not to be Idle.