I think that failure is the key to success in life, That means that without having any obstacles you are not going to succeed. Church chill's is right that failure is the pursuit of success. You have to try to do what you want to do. If you have a dream to become someone you want to fight for it. Make good choices and try hard. Sometimes is hard to achieve your dreams, because maybe you are not capable to do things, or you don't know how or where to start. You can ask for help to your parents, teacher, and people outside of school, so they can help you with something. People make mistakes, And they learn from it. You have to try over and over to do what makes you happy. You can fall down one or three times, but you have to get up many times you can. Make a plan, and write down the things that you want to do, and don' t be shy to ask for help when you needed. Be an enthusiasm person, If you fail to do something try to do it again. Nothing is easy in life, with effort everything is possible. If you are in school try to do your best at school and ask questions to your teachers. For example: I am a high school student. At first, I was a very shy person, well I'm still a shy person but not like I was before. I was shy to ask for help to my teachers and whenever I needed help I didn't know what to do because I was shy and quiet. At first, I didn't know how to ask for help, but then I realize that without asking for help to my teachers I was not going to succeed, and I would never learn how to do things. I was also shy to asked my parents to help me with something, so every time I needed something I used to go locked my self in my room and figuring thing out, But I also learn to ask them for help, even though they don't speak English, they still helped me with my school work. You have to do the same thing and ask for help to a trusted adult that can help you, so you can succeed in your life, If you have bad friends stay away from them, because they are not good people, and you are going to end up ruining your life. I believe that if you fail, try to do it again. Do what makes you happy and succeed in your life. Make an effort and achieve your dream, because you are living of that, And if you fall down get up and do it again.