Have you ever thought of the effect of going out after 10 p. m. at night? Nighttime is the scariest period of the day; nothing is more dangerous and harmful than at night. People would rather stay at home than going out at night. A city council should adopt curfews for teenagers because it is safer, teenagers can stay out of trouble, and they can have more time to spend with their family. However, some people think that curfews would unfairly interfere in young people's lives because they might have an emergency and everyone has freedom to do what they want. In some cases, for instance, teenagers might have an emergency or something important at night that they need to be there as soon as possible, city council cannot let them stay at home. It will be unfair if other people can go out at night, but not teenagers. Everyone has freedom to do what they want, others cannot force teenagers to stay at home every day after 10 P.M. Although some people think that having curfews are not a good idea, I still insist that the adoption of curfews for teenagers would be a fantastic idea. In the first place, a city council should adopt curfews for teenagers because it is safer. It is very scary if teenagers hang out at night because someone might follow or kidnap them without they notice. No one knows what is going to happen next. Staying at home not only keep teenagers safe, it also makes them be caution to everything around them. Furthermore, teenagers need to protect themselves from others, so that they will not get hurt. In short, it is necessary to adopt curfews for teenagers because they will be safer. Additionally, it is important for teenagers to have curfews because they can stay out of trouble. Teenagers nowadays have a very playful mind, and they would do anything to enjoy themselves; however, they can get into trouble very quickly. Curfews can prevent and stop teenagers from breaking the law. They can stay at home and do something productive and meaningful to themselves. Moreover, curfews can prevent teenagers to meet harmful people outside the society and make a bad decision. Therefore, a city council should adopt curfews for teenagers because they can stay out of trouble. Lastly, it is a great idea for a city council to adopt a 10 p. m. weekday curfew and a midnight weekend curfew for teenagers because they can have more time to spend with their family. Spending time with their family is the best moment that nobody wants to miss. Instead of going out with people below standard and breaking the rules, teenagers can have a wonderful time with their family at home. Because of curfews, the relationship between teenagers and their family will grow and be healthier. To sum up, it is nice to have curfews because it helps build up a better relationship. In conclusion, it is the best idea to have a city council adopt curfews for teenagers because it can protect teenagers from danger and risk, they will less likely get into future conflicts, and they can have an enjoyable time to spend with their family. Curfew benefits both teenagers and the law. Curfews can raise the world to a higher level and make a clean society for all teenagers. Let's make the adoption of curfews come true! 