I want to visit Egypt because Egypt is a great country, I want to see the pyramids that are made from thousands and thousands years ago, and I want to see the great museums that are in Generic_City. The pyramids are very huge. There are like 3 big pyramids and there like 6 other pyramids aren't that big as the first 3 pyramids. Pyramids are so hard to build to make them again. The pyramids need a lot of stone, and it needs some are like very big stones that are located in the very bottom of the pyramids, and it's hard to reach the max high of the pyramids because they are so high up. These pyramids are from the 7 fantastic and amazing things in the world because nobody on this earth now can build these pyramids. The people who built the pyramids called the Parana. Museums in Egypt. Museums are a great place to visit when anyone will visit Egypt. These museums are huge but not huge as the pyramids. These museums have a lot of stuff that anybody world be interesting to see them, like people who died from thousands and thousands years ago, they did something like a magic or a process that keep their bodies, and the museums have their bodies. Anyone can see her or his eyes, face, legs,and head and that's absolutely real. These museums are in Generic_City. The Egyptian people have a great cultures. Egypt has a lot of good other stuff. It has beautiful places that anybody can walk in it and buy something to eat or drink. Some people go sit down and relax and others like buy some clothes from these shops in the mall, some her people play games like soccer or other games, and there are a lot of these places in Egypt. Some kids play soccer in the street. Egypt is very different than any other country. These places located in Generic_City and one of these places called City Stars. The beaches in Egypt. Egypt has the most beautiful beaches, like if you go to Generic_City and there are two more places that I forgot the names for it. Egypt has a lot of amazing hotels, and it's not located in Generic_City, it's located in some other places. Hotels in Egypt have swimming pools, free food, and free drinks. Anyone can have so much fun on the beach in the summer.  