Technology is an important thing in our lives at this moment, and it will be more important in the future. Humanity always try to look forward for what is better for our lives and make everything easier. While some people say this is a good thing, some people think it's bad for our lives because people stop interacting face-to-face in public, they don't want to get out of the place where technology is at, and some might have an aggressive behavior when they told them technology is bad for them. In the past people always met in the street, there was no technology were with a single ring we can saw our friends into a little screen and talk to them. Now, this problem became a bad thing in our society, people don't go outside to meet friends, or just enjoy how the city looks, they prefer to stay at home and talk to people that they don't know who they are. Some of these people might say that there's no difference when they talk to a stranger online because we used to talk strangers in the street;however, there's a risk when you talk to this people online, and it's the fact that some of them used fake accounts to hack personal information and other things. When we used to meet strangers in the street, we saw how they behave and what they're doing, and that's how people made friends in the past, saw how they act and behave, but now Internet is the key of making a friend that we don't know if it's real. When we were kids it was all fun to play outside: in the streets, going to a friends house, or even going to the park with them, but now things have change a lot since we were those kids who played in the streets. Now with the new technology people made video games, and now is the popular thing between kids and teenagers. All we have to do is to connect the device to the TV and just play, but some people play the whole day, and they don't want to go outside to play any sport, or going to a friends house. When they go to school the most common topic between every kid is about video games, and that can affect their lives because playing all the time won't help anyone to study for an important test, or doing their homework. In the past when they created the first console it was a wonderful thing, but some kids didn't have the enough money to buy it, so instead of save money for a tiny console, they save money to eat something like an ice cream, a Burger, and go to attraction parks, but now we can see how the kids and the teenagers from now don't want to get out where technology is at. Due to the amount of technology we have now developed, a new behavior where if we prohibited them to use technology, they reach to the point where they become aggressive. Families have issues when their kids became aggressive just because they prohibited the use of technology, and this reaction is trendy right now in different parts of the world. Some doctors said that the reason why they react like that is because they are in an imaginary world where they can do whatever they want, until the parent try to take apart their"world" to become a normal kid, but now that technology is in every single corner, it's hard to make a kid stop use technology. Even teenagers went to a point when they are playing video games they break everything they got on their sight, including the video game device that their parents bought for them. Some people might say that technology is something positive in our live because we create artifacts that make our lives more simple;however, technology is bad in our lives because we stop acting like normal people, and we want to make our lives more easy, and that can affect how our society can be in the future if we don't control the use of technology.