If I was to explain to my teacher if I prefer to work in groups or work alone, I would pick work alone. Working alone is good because you could think of ideas that some students can't think about. For example, working alone can get you a better high score in the class then working in groups. Another example is when your working in groups it can cause you to not finish the work you started because your either talking or not focused on what you're supposed to-do. In some cases some students like working alone because they get to turn in there work on time, so they don't have to fail the class. Another example, some students are really quiet, and they are shy to talk to people, so they work alone, so they don't need to be behind everyone else who isn't doing there work. Students often don't really get a lot of help from other students when they work in groups. Often some kids make the mistake on joining groups but then when it comes to doing work only 2 students do the work and then the other 2 don't do anything. Students sometimes don't even do anything they just sit around and talk to their friends about other things then they talk about the work they need get done or there on the phone or playing games. For example some students don't like doing anything they just like to sit around and talk but on the other hand they are students that like doing there work, so it's best to see that students like working alone then to be working in groups. In some cases some students don't let them talk to their friends because they think they are going to make there child fail that class and some parents are going to blame the friends then their own children. For example if a parent gets a phone call from a teacher saying oh your student is failing my class because there not doing there work like they used to before the parent is going to feel bad because there going to think oh my child is hanging out with kids there not supposed to be with. In my opinion I think it's best for students to work alone then to be working in group. Sometimes in life we want everything, but sometimes we have to earn them all by ourselves not with someone's help but our own help.