Students are expected to identify a career by the time they enter high school. When students enter high school, they begin to work at a specific job to earn some money in order to be prepared for their future career. It is not a good idea for students to commit to a specific career at a young age because it will cause distractions from school work, students are still getting education, and specific jobs will distract students from activities they enjoy. Students should not commit to a career at a young age because it will cause distractions from school work. In high school, teachers and other faculties take education seriously and gets harder for students every year as they develop. Students get a lot of homework and tests they have to study for and need to focus on education in order to graduate from high school and get to a good collage. Spending time on a specific job before their actual career can distract students and decrease their grades. For example, a high school student goes to work at a salon after school, but they have so much homework and a test to be prepared for, but they have don't have enough time to study and accomplish their homework since their specific job is in the way. So they begin to get a low grade and fail tests, which can also give them a low self-esteem. Students should not commit to a career at a young age because are still getting education. High school students are still young and are still developing, they need to spend their high school years to study and get a good education in order to develop. In their high school years, students begin to get an idea of what they wish to be for their future career, so they are still learning about it and that's how they get a better amount of money, be well-educated, and live a good and healthy life. For example, high school student is not well-educated and is still developing, so they need to keep studying and learning in school to graduate and get to a good collage to study about their future career that interests them and the dream job they are wishing to work for. A specific career will take them away from their dream job. Students should not commit to a career at a young age because specific jobs will distract students from activities they enjoy. It is important for students to do activities they enjoy being healthy and have something positive and enjoyable to do. When they get a specific job during their high school years, it will take them away from these enjoyable and positive activities they and will have no time to do it when they have a specific career and school, which can also cause stress for students and will never find anything positive that they enjoy doing. For example, a student plays football and really enjoys it, and it gives them positive energy. But they have to go to school and need time to do their schoolwork and study to pass. When they get a specific job, they don't have time to do their favorite activity and also not have enough amount of time to study and do schoolwork, which can cause stress to students. In conclusion, students should focus on studying and education in high school and not get a specific career that will distract themselves from school or any activities they enjoy to just to get money. They have to keep developing and study hard to get to a good collage and be prepared for their dream job to get a good amount of money and live a better life.