Working in a group is more beneficial. Why is more beneficial working in a group ? Because if you have a group your group can help you in ideas, writing, examples and information. If you're working alone you do not have someone who can super your idea. The benefits what you have working in a group. The benefits are you can talk with your group abuts the work, and also you can has questions, and you can talk abuts examples and then they can told you how they can do the work and the group can support your ideas. Working alone do not have to much benefits. The benefits are you can use ideas of your shelf the other is not one going to disturb you, and you can put your examples, but that will be more difficult because you need to find the information and not one going to support your ideas. For example working in a group in high school the English teacher say the students going to do groups of four. For doing a project the students say yes, one of those students say I will collect the information, the other say i going to writing the information and the other say I will put the examples of the project and others say I will reading the project and also i going to do an exposition in class is more good because you will stay more relax because the group is help you. For example working alone in class, the high school teacher say we going to do groups because we have a project but if you want work alone you can do it. The student say I like work alone because no one going to disturb in my work the student can put ideas of him shelf, but you do not have someone to talk Abarth the project. And you will have nervous in class you will be distracted and boring. Why some people do not like to work in groups? The people do not like work in groups became they have problems with the people in the group made he does not feel well in the group, or he feels some nervous in the group or because some people like work in silent. Why the most people like to work in groups? That is because the people like work with friends, he feels well talking with the group, he is like answer the questions of the group.