I agree that a positive attitude is the key to success in life because people are Motivated, Happier and Work harder. Many people disagree that having a positive attitude doesn't mean anything and others think it makes a huge impact in success. Many studies have shown that having a positive attitude helps people succeed better and is a key. First, I truly believe that if you really stay motivated, and I'm convinced that I want to be successful, I continue to push myself each time I want to give up. When I pay attention to the certain things I want to achieve. I give dedication when I want one specific thing and try not to worry about other things that aren't related to what I want or succeed. I try to stay as focused as possible because once I'm determined and make that my main focus, then It'll make me want to keep my positive energy towards my goal. Secondly, If I want to have a positive energy I must remain Happy. If I truly believe in myself then I will continue to have a positive energy, but even Fido't believe in myself I will remain to have a positive energy and a positive attitude. By succeeding with a positive attitude I must prioritize my goal making it my first reason to stay positive and to work harder. Keeping it always in my mind and reminding myself; for example" oh this is what I have to look for" or "this will help me by succeeding my goal I want to achieve", those two examples are ways to bring it to my mind all the time and remember what I need to be looking for. Thirdly, If I work harder by putting my all into it and dedicating my time and keeping my positive energy then that's one way I can always succeed. By keeping my energy positive and succeeding I will make work twice as much as I need to for my goal to come true. If I know I truly want that goal and what to succeed I won't give it up that easily because that will be my main focus and my main priority. Having a positive attitude is a huge key to success because people get motivated, happier and work harder for what they are trying to achieve in life. Many people disagree that having a positive attitude is a key to success and others think it's a huge difference when you do because that's peoples main focus in life. Always have a positive attitude for the things a person including yourself may want in life! 