It was a really nice day, so we went to the park. We were going down the slide at the park, and I was with my brother, and sister. If I haven't told you what their names are, I'll tell you right now! My brother's name is Generic_Name, and my sister's name is Generic_Name, My name is Generic_Name. My siblings are pretty annoying, but I still love them. It was really sunny, and warm, Then this cute guy came, and right away I text my friends about it. My brother somehow started playing with Generic_Name. Generic_Name told me he already knew Generic_Name. He had a really cute little sister, and she's two years old, and her name is Generic_Name, and Generic_Name is ten years old. I asked Generic_Name what his brother's name was, he told me it was Generic_Name. When Generic_Name told me his brother's name, my heart started beating really fast, I was really happy that I would do anything in this world. Generic_Name comes up to me, and says hi, I was really nervous, me and Generic_Name were talking while are siblings were playing. We got to know each other, and now we're best friends. I'm so glad I met Generic_Name! We have so many things in common, we both like the same sport, which is soccer. The saddest thing is that we don't go to the same school, I go to Generic_School, and he goes to Generic_School. We got each others Instagram, snap chat, and our phone numbers. We all wanted to hang out again, but tomorrow It's going to rain, and It's going to be really muddy, and wet outside. Furthermore, we got home, and we ate dinner, we all took a shower, and did our night routine. I had so many notifications from my friends, I totally forgot I sent them a text, I told them everything that happened. We had school tomorrow, and me and my friends were talking about it, but Generic_Name didn't seem as happy, as we all did. She told me she needed to talk to me, but in secret. So we went to the library. Generic_Name told me she knew Generic_Name, and she told me so much bad thing about Generic_Name. Generic_Name is Generic_Name's ex-girlfriend. I was very upset, and started crying, I went straight to my house, and Generic_Name came with me too, she's my best friend, and she's always there for me, when I really need her the most, I told Generic_Name what Generic_Name told me. Generic_Name told me that all those bad things she told me about Generic_Name aren't true, she did that, so I would stop liking Generic_Name. I called Generic_Name that I needed to talk to him, so I gave Generic_Name my address. Generic_Name came over, I told him everything that Generic_Name told me, he told me she was lying, because she's jealous of me, and she liked him, but Generic_Name didn't feel the same way as Generic_Name did. Generic_Name told me that he liked me since the time, he made eye contact with me. I really didn't expect Generic_Name telling me that, I thought he would never like me. I don't trust a lot of people just my best friends, and my most favorite teacher, because the people that care about you the most, are the ones that want the best for you, they're not jealous of you, like Generic_Name was. Girls shouldn't change over a guy that doesn't feel the same way as you do, and boy's shouldn't either! God has someone waiting for you! If you really trust someone, don't lose their trust! A lot of people can give bad or good experience to you, but you have to see who's being a bad friend to you, and who's being a good friend to you. There are a lot of people that can give you bad influence, and a lot of people can give you good influence. Be careful in whom you trust, there are several people that are there for you no matter what. If there is something wrong with you, talk to the person you feel more confident talking to, you can talk to your mom, dad, your principle, counselor, dean, or anyone you truly trust. There's always a time when you accept some bad friendships, that give you bad influence, but it's okay. I did to for accepting my friendship with Generic_Name, if she really was a good friend, she would have told me she wants the best for me, and not lie about something that isn't even true, When someone lies to you, it's hard for you to gain their trust. You have to learn your lesson to the people that lie, your realize how you loose friends by just lying.I and Generic_Name are now dating, we are focusing on school, because school is important, and no matter what others say, me and him are going to be happy, and no one will ever change that. Be careful in whom you trust, and never change for anyone, because you are amazing just the way you are!