Sometimes people have good attitude and a difficult time. There are a lot of people that have been thrown difficult time, but their still happy. These days happen, and it's sometimes going to be annoying, and one thing can not ruin your day. There could be a day that you get a good grade on your test, and you feel happy for yourself, but then you still have a bad grade. People always have some smile in their face and the other people think that their having a good day which they are, but in the inside you don't know what happen. There are some people that make other people days. Some people have feelings for other people, and they get sad when they have a good day, but then they have a test to do which they don't wanna do. There are even dogs that make people days, but they still think about the difficult time that they had today. People forget what their doing but then remembers what happen. Difficult time happens, and you can't help It only If you have a good attitude.There are sometimes that people have a great day but at the end something bad happens and there were your day is bad. Sometimes people don't like difficult time like stressing out, had a fight, got caught doing bad things, but they still smile because there trying to forget about that and think about something better. People have one of the worst difficult time, and they try a lot to make a good attitude. Some people ask if they are having a great day and people say yeah but in the inside it's actually a bad day for them. They just have a smile so then no one ask them anything, they just feel like being alone and having no one talk to them. Then the next day they have a great attitude and then a difficult time.There are some people that help out and try to make their days. There are sometimes that difficult time are just going to be there and try to ruin your day, or it could be a balmy day outside and that makes it even worst like a raining day, and a bad day. People have the best smiles, and they still have a difficult day, but they just forget about it and just try to think something else. Some people try to help people out, so they can have a good day like them and be happy for the day 