I agree with Michelangelo's words, because some time when we what to do things we start a low level because we think we aren't good enough to do it, even known that we can do it good. And you think others have more opportunities to have success, and you would not have any of them, and it only matters how fast you can learn and how good you do them. One good example of it could be sports and I have had a time when something like that happened to me. These happened when I was at my last school Generic_School, I knew that the practices to try out for the teams were going to start in 2 days. And I thought about that I could make it to play with which every one, but when one of my friends told me that a lot of students were going to try out. When he told me that I thought that wasn't good enough and that others could be a lot better than me, so I decided to not try out, and I was already playing for one team of Generic_City, and they told that if I what it I could play for both, and I answered no. I didn't accept to play with my school and next year I did the try-outs just to see if at least I have a good level compared to others and the coach saw how I played, and he put my on Varsity team. I played almost all games I got a record, and I achieve one goal that was too proved to me that I could play at a high level even knowing that a year before I was scared to try out. Another reason It's that really frequently that people got scared to try a challenge, and to show themselves that they can do thing at a higher level than what they think. A similar example is one of my cousins knew how to work in construction in El Salvador, and he was perfect at it, and when he just got here in US he knew that there was construction sites and places that he could work on it. First he told me that we are excited and that he would get one of those jobs and somehow the next day he told me that he wasn't getting it anymore. That was not interested anymore and told that he didn't have enough skills, and it was going to be too hard for him. I told him that yes It was going to be hard, but he had a lot of skills and knowledge about it, and it would take less time for him to learn what they do there. He said he was going to think about it and after a time he got the job and it only took him less than a month to know how they operated there and got hired more fast than others, because he was doing a good job on everything that he has to do. He told me that he was happy to take that job, and first he was wrong when he said that he had not enough skills for that job.Also, another reason of why I agree with Michelangelo is that I remember that around 3 and the half years ago I played soccer just with friends after school, and we played just for fun and to relax. I didn't what it to play for a team because I felt that I was not too good to play for them. One day I was playing soccer after school with some friends, and one of my friends' dad was a coach for a team of Generic_City and remembered that he said to all of us that if we what it to play for him in his team. All my friend got in the team, and I was the only one that did not get in, because I felt that I wasn't good enough so I decided to not join the team. And for the next season he was looking for a goalkeeper and I accept it to got in because my friends convinced me to join. After I'm going and play my first games I surprise my self and the team to cause I was playing a perfect level, and we won the league that season. For next season I got a record that was not receiving any goals in 10 games and that lead me to win the best goalkeeper in that season. And at the beginning of my third season our captain left, and I got surprised that all in the team want it me as a captain and my coach said that I was the captain of the team just got really happy. And won the league and the Starts tournament that year and since there I have played like 8 seasons because every year there are 2. I have won for my third year in a row the best goalkeeper in the league. First no one was interested on my and after some seasons almost all team in Generic_City teams what it me and teams from Generic_City I had like 7 teams that what it me to play with them. In conclusion, I strongly agree with Michelangelo's words, it's really common that the worst danger for most of us is to set our aim too low and achieving less than what we can do, I have had some reason and example but in all of them I realize that if I work hard I can accomplish more than I think I deserve.