Although some says that inactivity serve a purpose, because the can get more time to themselves then when they are in activities, actually determine never to be idle, because we can accomplish many things; If we are always doing something's such as involving in activities, having more time with our book, and trying out new things. It had been writing by Thomas Jefferson" Determine never to be idle ". It is very true that some many people and students are always idle; they don't use their time wisely. We can do a lot if we involved our selves in activities instead of been idle; for example, when I came to the United States on January 8,2017. I was sitting at home for two months without going to school, and doing nothing. I got tired of been idle, so I told my mother that I wanted to something instead of been idle. Furthermore, I wanted to sign up for the Generic_City Soccer Team, so that I can get busy with my time, and use it wisely. Furthermore, I finally signed up for the Generic_City Soccer Team, and I got accepted by the coach. Furthermore, I started training with new people, and I made a lot of friends. Instead of been idle, why can't we spend more time with our books? The more we go close to our books the more we learn faster, and increase our skills in reading; for example, my friend Generic_Name, his parents never wanted him to hang out with friends that much, or neither been idle without having his book to read. Generic_Name kept on spending most of his time reading his books for a long time, and he became a good reader in his English classroom. The teacher always asked him to read out story books and passages to his classmates in school. He inspired many students in his school, and most students wanted to be like him, so they started having more time with their books at home. In addition, people who wanted to be idle, or people who think inactivity serve a purpose are people who are not determined, and not planing on their future; they don't want to involve in activities, or interact with people. Idle people are lazy, because they don't want to try out new things. Try out new things when ever you are idle. You can learn a lot even if you are not perfect; for example, me and my three friends Generic_Name, Generic_Name and Generic_Name. We were sitting at home idly doing nothing; until when Generic_Name suggested that we should go and try out the UFC GYM. We went there, and signed up for the training; they gave us a one-day trial to see if we would like the training. Furthermore, we went there the next day and started training for one hour; after training I told my friends that I don't like the training, because it was given me back pains, so I quit the gym, and my three stayed in the training, because they like it. I was not perfect, but I tired out a new thing and I got some experiences from it. As a result of all the reasons and examples. I encourage every idle human and people who think inactivity server a purpose to get engage in activities, having more time with their books, and trying out new things when ever they feel like they are idle. You can do a lot if you try out new things. We can accomplish more if we are always doing something's; therefore, determine never to be idle.