Some people believe that students should be required to take a music, a drama, or an art class. Should students be required to take a class in arts, or should such class be electives?I believe that students should be required to take these class because it plays a great rolls in our lives. Students should take these class because they're part of our daily activity. Some students are perfect at arts, and some are good at music, while the others are good at drama. So such class should be allowed in schools for students to take. I also agree with those that says that students should be required to take class like art, music, and drama because some students wants to become an artistic, some wants to become a musician, while the others want to be a dramatist, so it should be allowed in school for students to take them. I believe that through arts and music, or even a drama, people are able to express their emotional feelings, or their passed lives. As for me music and art should really be allowed in schools because through those subjects people will be able to express their grievances. Some people may say these class should not be required for students to take and such class should be electives because not everyone are good at them. Well it's true, but these class are really helpful to the society because not everyone has the face or the families to really express their emotional feelings to people, however, people have their passed life stories to tell, but they don't know how to let them out. Probably through arts, music, or even drama they'll be able to express them out to the world. Through these subjects many people are rich today, and many people was able to let what had been in them for years upon years out, so they should be required for students. For instance: Bey ounce, Rihanna, Nice and so on. I believe those people didn't just come up to become rich today they study music because that was their goals in life. In summary, music, arts, and drama should be required for students to take, and such class shouldn't be electives in school or for students.