The only talent or skill I have would be doing tricks. I also think that almost everybody can do it so in my opinion that is not a talent. I have other talents which are that I am good at sports like basketball, softball, track, and soccer. Furthermore, I have been doing it seen's I was little my dad wanted my siblings to be out of the house instead of being on our phones, so we had to learn to do sports. The first one I learned is soccer because it's just kicking a ball and running. The cool part about soccer is doing the tricks and everything. Soccer isn't big as well know as it should be. In the Middle East it's big but not like basketball or football the whole world loves those sports. Also in the England they call it football instead of soccer, but I get it makes a perfect name for it because you just kick it with your foot. The second one I learned was track it wasn't that hard because you run or jump. When running in the track it is not about winning because the wind is in your face and running and your mind goes blank it feels so good when you are stressed. The long jump is my favorite because when I jump it's like flying then I touch the ground, and it is gone. That why running is my favorite it's not about beating the other person. The other one I learned is I think it was basketball. Basketball because it is a mystery if you make it or not you just shoot and hope you make it. Seeing basketball players on TV I think help me to be better just like them. The thing about is that the boys ad girls are separated because they think the boys are too rough for them the girls can be rough too but that's why they made the WNBA [woman national basketball association]. In my school they have one for girls and one for boys, but a lot of people come watch he boys one way more than the girls. The next one is softball this one I just wanted to do something different when the other seasons are over. It was boring at first when you learn how to play it becomes a game not a sport. In school, we have softball, but we don't have baseball for boys, but I wish we did I think is unfair that the girls have one, but they don't. I wish we play it at gym, but we don't have all we do is play field hockey. Softball is also good arm excise if you play it all the time. That's why of all the sport my favorite is track.  