I believe music, drama, or art class should be classified as electives because some students might not be interested in these classes due to them are wanting to learn more about other subjects, consequently failing; furthermore, students may also have an interest in a certain job and do not need these classes, students can also find these classes a waste of time because they are learning a subject that is not aiding their future, students would also not take these classes serious because they are not necessarily an essential. First, Students may find that the class is not of interest to them because they may want to learn about other subjects that could impact their future. Due to the students dissatisfaction and not being interested in the class they have a high probability for failure. For example, Generic_Name wants to reach his goal of going to a high-end college but was not accepted because he had a GPA lower than the minimum requirement due to failing drama class. Second, Students can also have an interest in a certain job. Music, drama, or art can be a waste of time for the student because it is taking time from classes that can help towards getting that job. Taking these classes could also help the student explore more possible job opportunities as well as learning skills. Lastly, Some students would not take these classes serious. As opposed to essential classes like math, English, and history students would use these classes as an opportunity to horseplay. The students that are constantly participating in horseplay are going to be a distraction to the students trying to succeed in these subjects. In conclusion, I believe music, drama, and art should classify as an elective because students may find that the class is not of interest to them, students can also have an interest in a certain job, and some students would not take these classes serious and take it as an opportunity to horseplay. Support our opinion on this subject at WWW. MakeLearningEasier. Org