If someone wants to grow more as a person, they will have to try different things. I believe that Ralph Waldo Emerson is right. To grow more as a person people have to try different things because the most things they do the more experience they get. If a person mastered something already he will feel that he know everything but the truth is that he only know what he mastered, but if a Pearson try different thing he would get more experience that can be use in the future. An example of this is Pique. He is a famous soccer player. He gets pay a lot of money, but to grow more as a person. He also become a business man. Now Pique have a lot of companies that work for him. He also created his own Tennis league in Spain. Pique also support a foundation that his wife created to help kids in Colombia. Other example is one of my uncles from Generic_City. His mane is Generic_Name. He studies to be a teacher. He was very happy with his work, but to grow more and get more knowledge he goes back to college to study to become a doctor. Now he feels like he knows more and that he have grown more as a person. I also like to thing that I'm an example of this. I always try to do my best to laird different sports. Furthermore, I'm a perfect soccer player, but I prefer to try others sports. Furthermore, I play a different sport every day because I feel that this will help me to become a better player and will give me the experience to grow more as an athlete. Furthermore, I also like to study a lot for the classes that I'm having problems because I get more knowledge about different topics and make me grow more as a student. People can still grow when they mastered something. An example of this is Leonel Messi. He is a soccer. He has play soccer all his life's. He was always getting better and better every year. He never plays other sport in his life's. Now he is considered one of the best player in the world. He grows as a person by doing what he already mastered. People have to do different things in their life's if they want to grow as a person because if they think they are the best is a lie. They are the best in what they mastered, but they don't have any type of knowledge in other thing. In conclusion if someone wants to grow more as a person. He will have to try different things to get more experience and more knowledge.  