How people live their life is up to them whether to follow their own decisions, or seek guidance from experts and authorities for life's important matters. People should make their own decisions because relying on others will make you less self-sufficient, and you should develop your own self-identity not from the choices of other people, although some people may say that people who seek guidance from experts are smarter than people who do not. People should be able to rely on their own decisions on life, so that they do not become less self-sufficient in the choices that they make. Firstly if you keep relying on others than you become someone who can not do anything on their own without the help of other people. Another reason would be that people might think you are unable to do simple tasks in life because you rely on other people too much. Lastly self-sufficiently is an important skill that everyone should have through-out their life. Your past choices define who are you today, so if you rely on others too more than you become a different kind of person you once weather people who spend their whole life heavily relaying on other people develop no self-identity of their own. I highly doubt that Tesla or Einstein relayed on anyone if not no one on the work that they did. Additionally, if you do not have a self-identity people will not remember who you are. Secondly if you always have people telling you the answers in life it is hard to live without those people who helped you in the first place. Finally, always become a person who does not have to rely on others for the sake of your own well-being. You should always listen to your brain and not seek out help too much, or it will affect your life in very bad wassail, some may say that people who seek help from experts are smarter than people who do not. That people who seek out help will be more informed in life, therefore they do not have to worry about the things they do not know. This may be true, but it's better to find the answer on your own than to always ask for help from experts. In the end you shouldn't rely on other people too much because it will be harder to be more self-sufficient, and it will be harder to develop your own self-identity. People should be inclined to make their own decisions in life whether they like it or not.