In this writing you will find some reason why, 4 years of high school and graduate are better than, 3 years of high school and compare the opportunities that you can find during this year's of high school and also help you to make to take your choice. High school is a great place to know people that could help you in the future, and help you to reach your goals also high school is a great place to learn a lot of things and have fun at the same time. In my opinion, 4 years of high school are better than 3 years because you have more time to study, you are able to have a break during summer, and keep your stress lower. During this 4 years of school you are able to have enough time to study and prepare for a test, if you have a History test you have time to ask your History teacher to help you, before or after school to make a review or practice, and get ready for the test. This is one reason why 4 years of school are better than 3 years of school, and you will be able to prepare for your next test also you can have some rest in summer. In 4 years of school you will have a break during summer, and able to enjoy it with your family or friends doing some activities as going to some parks or museums, and any other different activities that you would like to do, and maybe go back to the school with more energy after summer. This reason also could help you to keep your stress lower when you are in high school. When you are in high school you can stress a lot because you have to much homework, and you need to study for a test, and if you take the 4 years of high you will have a lot of time to study do your homework and keep your stress lower, and during this 4 years you can practice some sports or any activity that you like in your school or outside the school and also this could help you to keep your stress lower. During this process of learning you could find people that are not agreed with your opinion, and they can say 3 years of school are better than 4 yours of school.3 years of high school sounds great for some people they want to start working, or maybe they think it could be easy, but you will not able to enjoy your summer because you have a program to follow during summer, and sometimes you would need to stay after school for study, and you are not able to do the different activities that you like. In my opinion 4 years of high school are better than 3 years of high school and in this 4 years of high school you will be able to graduate, and you can enjoy the process of learning, and know a lot of people that could help you to graduate and reach your goals in the future.  