We live in a world where each and every one of us, will always need someone or others to rely on. In this world not everyone is born complete. However, being yourself is always good, but you can also change yourself if you feel the need to. But if someone else were to change you then that would be very bad, because they could be either delusional or emotionally negative of certain things in life. When you're being yourself on my opinion it means you shouldn't have others change the way you are but its up to how you feel about yourself. I strongly disagree Emerson's statement on how individuality is a good thing, and I have various reasons or examples on this statement. I have many important people like my mom, dad,sister, and very close friends who are also like family to me. Having other people is vital because you get through life more easily, and able to change yourself as you live on. But if you got rid of all of that then you would probably live a lonely life in deep and total solitude. Having other people isn't trivial, you have to have faith in one another to get through life. There was this one time when I was about twelve to fourteen years old, I would always struggle with my grades in the beginning of the school year, and have a strong sense of unease every day I go to school because I always felt like wouldn't be able to provoke my self to do better in school and get better at socializing. I was only caring for myself most of the time, and when I get back home I would feel depressed and repugnant. But that all changed later when I realized I needed to have others to help me. As time went on I was able to change myself by others around me. The world isn't changing you are changing yourself by just living a life with others around you, and you wouldn't notice that you changed either, but that is a good thing because now you know that if you're able to change then anyone should be able to. The last thing that is bad when you don't have anyone else with you, is that it can be really boring and not fun at all. When you're all alone in your life, you won't have anyone to socialize with you, and keep you company. But when you have a lot of friends and get to know other people, you can have an experience with them and It's what makes life really entertaining. When you're with your friends you get to have lots of fun, like play games together, socialize, travel together, and get to have more and more experiences with each other and maybe learn more lessons in life. There's a lot of people who think that we live in a society where no one cares about you and doesn't want to help you at all. But that's not true because it isn't there fault, because when you have others with you, it can have an effect positively and negatively. And people who are negative all the time can provoke others to be a bad person, which is why they end up all lonely because they fear of others or hate others because they think no one cares about them. But that's not true because all it takes is to change yourself, by having others in your life, or asking for help. In conclusion individuality can be pretty awful and lead others to a path that is bad. Having others in your life is necessary because we can lift each other up, no one is worthless. Leaving someone on their own can be pretty sad, helping them is what makes you a better person and gives you a better and easy life. But as I said don't let anyone change who you are, being yourself is good but being alone simultaneously can be a bad thing. You are the protagonist of your own life, your life is your own.