Wow! A talent I have is soccer, I have played soccer when I was born. Loved to play the sport because It always entertained me. So then I started playing more and more of it, and then I started playing in tournaments and leagues. I started of in defense, then I started to up my way up, so then in three weeks I started playing striker. When I started playing soccer I used skills like communication, passing and shooting, so then my coach said I had potential in me. So then I started to watch soccer in my T.V. Soccer got famous in the late 1800s. Also in soccer you had to work hard and train hard. Like professionals, they worked for 5 to 8 hours a day. Well in soccer games I use communicating, dribbling,passing and shooting. In my opinion communicating is the most important soccer talent professionals need. Professionals need communication to score or win a match. For example my soccer team always use communication to pass to even score, and to win the match. Pele was a young Brazilian when he went to the world cup finals, he was only 18. His position was striker, he was known for his bicycle kick in the 80 minute. In 1900 professional in different leagues used communication also to pass to ball. Everybody needs communication to win any sport game. In my opinion you need skills to be good at the game. In one of my games I had to score two goals at least to win the finals in soccer then I two use my skills called the fake. In 2009 there was a player named Lionel Messi he plays for Generic_City and won six ballons d'or. He used skills in games and in training. In my other soccer matches I used skills like passing and dribbling in a soccer matches. There was a player named Ronaldo he played for Generic_City when I was born, so I saw one of his soccer games in the T. V and I looked how he used other skills in the match against Generic_City. So I trained for an hour before my soccer tournament. So then I used one of his skills, and it worked. So I used his skills for two games. So I saw professional players skills, so I can use those professional skills in a soccer game. In my opinion you have to work hard and train hard because if I don't I won't be active, so those are my other soccer skills because I train to learn moves, running, and defense. I train everyday, so I can get better and better. Other professional have to train every day to win other soccer matches and communicate with other teammates. I also practice dribbling a lot in my soccer practice. I use it a lot in soccer matches and I am perfect at it. In 2008 there was a player called Alex Hunter he was a rookie, then he started training and training until he has gotten famous and good at soccer. I train every day when that happened to someone. If everybody tried to play soccer it wouldn't be boring because it's fun, you can play with family members or friends, and you can know new people.