The British naturalists and politician John Lubbock wrote, "Your character will be what you yourself choose to make it. I agree with this statement because people should know how to make decisions themselves instead of relying on others to do it for us. Although we are surrounded by people who influence us ever since we were young, people should choose their own character because people should make decisions by themselves more often. Everyone isn't the same, and we shouldn't always be taught to follow what we see everyone do. It's important that we make choices by ourselves because by doing so, it makes us stronger human beings who can rely on ourselves and helps us gain self-confidence and makes us rely on ourselves more often then we do. Even though Influences help you know what's right from what's wrong, people should choose the person they want to because the people you know might be setting bad examples, and you wouldn't even know that they're wrong because they told you it's right. For example, growing up, your guardians could be anyone. They could be good people, or they could be not so good people. It's our job to use common sense and decide for ourselves what's right and what's wrong. It's always good to use your brain and decide if something is morally right or wrong. If you see someone close to you being a bad influence, then one must learn to not replicate those actions, but instead make good decisions their selves. Some might say that influences help if you're lost or confused in life, however, another reason why people should create their own character is because attempting something on your own and not succeeding helps you grow as a person. For example, if you just follow what everyone else is doing, you won't learn because that's the equivalent of you being spoon-fed. If you don't attempt anything of your own, you won't know how to do anything by yourself. By always letting people make decisions for you, you won't be able to complete tasks on your own and makes you a less independent person. This is why making your own decisions is important. Not only does it help you grow as a person, but it also strengthens your mind. In life, people often rely on others to build the person they are but in reality, it's better to rely on yourself instead of others to make decisions because it makes us rely on ourselves more often then we do, helps us avoid bad influences, helps you grow as a person, and strengthens our minds. All of these things are why we should all grow up by making our own choices and decisions instead of mindlessly do what everyone else does. People have all the power in their selves to be who they want to be. You're no one other than yourself after all, and that's the most important thing to think about when choosing our own character traits.