Achieving the knowledge based on the books or on the notebooks is common but achieving knowledge by involving in the extracurricular activities is a different and extra. School is the place where students get suggestion, get inspire, and get strength to accomplish their goals. From school, students can learn optimum knowledge and experiences about the inside and outside the books as well. In addition, school is the career building place for the students. School is the best place to evaluate the skills and the capability of each student. By controlling students involvement in the extracurricular activities, many students can fulfill their dreams which gives them happiness and makes them feel special by doing it. Also, gives them a wing of hope to do something more and make their parents and themselves proud tomorrow. As we all know that, if the students doesn't have that ability and interest in order to take a particular class then school never force students to involve in those particular class or field. But, talking about family, there are maximum parents who force their children to take a class and choose a career as they want. There are many parents who want their children to become a doctor, pilot or engineer; though, their children doesn't have any interest on that faculty. In other words, though their children are weak in math and science, but their parents wants to make them, a doctor, pilot or engineer. It's only because according to the parents, only doctor and pilot can make a huge money and has a great reputation. At this situation, we have seen many cases that parents do emotionally blackmail to their children. In that condition, children sacrifice their dreams just to make their parents happy. We all know, every student do not want to become a doctor and pilot. They have their own dreams and interests on particular faculty. For example, if a student is interested and good on soccer, but his parents do not support to his interest because they feel it's a waste of time. But, school always support him. According to the parents their children should be good on knowledge based on books rather than extracurricular activities. They should have only focused towards their study which is totally wrong. If schools control student involvement in extracurricular activities then it can show a right path and right decision for the student's bright future. Schools are available with each and every information regarding the bright future of students. If a student is interested on an art then teacher let them take that class with a huge strength. School knows every skill and talent about their student because they spend more time with their teachers, counselor, friends and their coach than their family. In fact, they share everything about their interest to their teachers and counselors because they understand them. But they do not share this kind of things with their family because family gives only pressure instead of understanding their children's interest. If a student is good on photography then school is the only one who gives more information and put more efforts to help them through different strategies. They try very hard that how students will feel easy and comfortable. Students are also able to learn different knowledge through the school's coach. Coach is the only one who teach, tell and motivate students about their strong and weak point through which student can do better today and give their best tomorrow than yesterday. School provides a beautiful and colorful feathers to the students in order to fulfill their dreams in which faculty they are interested and dying to do for it; only by controlling student involvement in extracurricular activities. There are many students who do not have any interest on their study, who do not have any interest on the words written on their notebooks, who do not have any interest to become a doctor, engineer or pilot. Instead, who are interested to become a famous photographer, to become a great dancer, singer and a great actor. These dreams will be remained on dream until they do not get any supports from anyone, if they do not get any motivators to motivate them and also if anyone won't become their inspiration to inspire and encourage them. Similarly, school is that place which do not give their student's dream remain on dream; school helps students to give all those things which are needed to them; by motivating, encouraging and being inspiration for the students. It also provides an elective classes and other different activities to make them feel happy and special or in order to let their colorful feathers fly in the high sky and able to touch and feel it. At the end, we can see that there are many benefits for the students which also teach them about the importance of extracurricular activities. Therefore, school is that place where it motivates, gives a strong strength to accomplish student's passions, suggest students to go through their interest and teach much significance knowledge about the educational experiences. Because of the schools control student involvement in the extracurricular activities, students can accomplish their interests, dreams and make their career in a particular activity in which they are interested, in which they see a big hope, declare it as their passion and happiness. I believe that not only the students, everyone should follow their passions and see success will come towards you itself because all we need is our happiness. It is only possible if the schools control students involvement in the extracurricular activities rather than giving decisions to the family and student for the involvement in the extracurricular activities.  