Anybody is capable of doing anything no matter how bad obstacles can get. Failure is one of the biggest reasons why most of the people are successful. Although people believe setting our aim low, and achieving our mark is less dangerous than aiming high and failing, nevertheless, aiming low, and achieving our mark is a greater danger because there are no limits to what people can do and failure gives motivation to work harder to achieve more and be successful in life. To begin, setting our aim low, and achieving our mark is a greater danger than setting our aim high and falling short because there are no limits to what a human being can do and achieve. For example, Isaiah Thomas, he was one of the best basketball players in the NBA at Boston. He's very short, and everyone doubted him and said he's too short and can't make it. That didn't stop him from aiming high and achieving his goal and becoming of one the shortest people to make it to the NBA. This shows that no matter who the person is, they can accomplish a lot in life as long as they work hard. Clearly, everyone should always aim high and accomplish their goal to have a better life later on. Furthermore, people should always aim high even if they fall short because failure gives motivation to achieve more and come back stronger. For instance, The Golden State Warriors lost the NBA finals in 2016. It was one of the worst finals ever for them. They lost very badly, but that didn't stop them from coming back the next year and winning the championship. This proves that it doesn't matter how bad failure can be, as long as they come back from it stronger. Obviously, now should be scared of failure and everyone should aim high and try to be the best at whatever they do. Overall, the greater danger for most of the people lies in not trying their hardest to be someone in life and aiming low to accomplish their goal because failure motivates the person to come back stronger and have no limits. In conclusion, Aiming high will get anyone successful as long as they keep working hard and fear nothing.