Hello, this is Generic_Name and I go to Generic_School. Today ill be taking position on an issue I have been hearing a lot about. The issue it should students go to school or study online and take online classes. School provides more social life more teachers, and more classes that you have to go to every day. When online classes are providing the classes you need to graduate but its online and for free unless you are trying to take extra classes to graduate earlier. It will be all your responsibility. Students that go to school. They will have to wake up early around 6:30 - 7:00 to catch their bus to go to school because the bell will ring at 7:55. School also provides lunch and breakfast which I think are very good for you. They care about how your nutrition is or if the food is fresh or not. They have veteran food for those who are veteran, and they got chicken and rice which I find pretty healthy. There will be social life going on during school because you will be meeting all these people from different places which I find very interesting to meet other people from different countries. You have to be very responsible on how to talk to people and how to act in public because it can get you in a serious trouble if you don't act straight. You will have 5 minutes to get to each class otherwise you are late!! Be on time always. You are also getting so much help from the teachers you are not alone. If your teacher isn't there you have your friends in class they can help you figure out what you are stuck on school starts from 7:55, and it ends at 2:55. School will help you find your college there will BEA class for you which is called career center that can assist you and help you find what's best for you and contact them if you decide. Online or video conferencing (home school) is what people usually call it. If you are homeschooled you get to wake up whenever you want, and you can go to bed whenever you want. You can start working along studying and balance your time and see what benefits you in the future. The choice is yours of what you want to eat. You will have more freedom, there will be none there to bother you if you get bothered easily or like to work quiet. I personally know a lot of people that care about what others think of them and if they have friends or not or would people judge them because of what their wearing. If you are homeschooled you don't have to worry about that. The course will take you where you need to be It's very straight forward, and they will quiz you very often to make sure your on the right path. You can decide when to study or what days that will depend on your schedule if you are working or not. There will be none pressuring you to do homework or yelling at you if you're late to school or class. Students consider taking online classes people judge a lot nowadays and if you aren't smart enough you will get your feelings hurt and that might cause depression for some people which can affect the student life. My position on this issue. This issue is very common and I hear a lot of students considering taking online classes. I think students should go to school and learn there because their will be all the help they need. They will take care of you not only that you also learn how to deal with people in real life and experience stories that can maybe one day make you laugh or maybe some stories that we all have learned lessons from. For example: let's say you get in a fight with someone and you and the other guy both got in trouble over something silly during your time in high school you will realize that it's not worth it's fighting people therefore you should take at least 10 seconds to think before you do anything that you might regret in the future. You will have teachers that can tutor you after and before class if you need to they will be on you because that will benefit both of you guys. Teachers would have very good history of good students and good grades teacher and students will have a good grade that can get them to college. If your taking online school you might fail to organize your time and the year might just go to waste. I say that because you will be with your family or working trying to save money for yourself, but then you run out of time and you're finding it very difficult at this point. I think it's a very risky move to do because you will miss out a lot of good days and a great atmosphere to be in with all these people around you and the teachers who try to help you success in your life and help you achieve all your goals by going to your dream college. Go to school guys and stay in school.