The school board should add an hour and a half hour of school to each school day. Do you agree with this? Three reasons why school board should add an hour and a half hour to school are, students wouldn't have much homework, schools could add another elective to the day, and teachers get more teaching time. Help me do this! The first reason why I believe the school board should add an hour and a half hour to the school day is students wouldn't have much homework. Most students have responsibilities after they get home from school. Some have responsibilities at home, work, and sports. Most students take care of their siblings when they get back from school. Others work after school and don't have time to do their homework. Also, a huge amount of students has after school sports either inside or outside the school, sometimes both. The second reason why the school board should add an hour and half hours of school to each day is because schools could add one more elective. Studies show people become disinterested in an activity within an hour. If schools added one more elective to the school day most students would be on board with the hour and a half idea. Some people naturally like school, and they want the hour and a half thing to happen. Instead of the elective this class could also be a study time for students that are struggling with a class or an assignment. This could help students grow their brain because they would try to understand it, instead of just giving up. The last reason why an hour and a half hours should be added is teachers would get more teaching time. Teachers tend not to explain some topic well because they run out of time. Students don't ask questions because usually they run out of time. Sometimes the teachers is explaining to another student because they didn't quiet get it either. This doesn't mean the teacher doesn't know how to teach, it means the teacher made an effort to teach as fast as possible so he or she wouldn't run out of time. The school board should add one hour and a half hour to each school day. Three reasons why I think this should happen are students wouldn't have much homework. Schools could add one more class or elective, and teachers would have more time to teach. Do you agree with me? If you do help me make this happen!