First impressions are almost impossible to change. I disagree because when you look at a person for less than 6 seconds you think you know that person. Until you have a conversation with that person at least for ten minutes. Your impression will change. However, I disagree that first impressions is almost impossible to change. The reason why is that the way a person looks, personality, and their communication skills are always that change your whole point of view of that person. From your first impression, when you look at them.However, the way a person looks from your first impression isn't always who they really are. Your observation on someone isn't truly who they are. The person can be good-looking person you've ever seen, and you really want to meet them. Until they are the most person, that you hate so much. This also works the other way around too, the person could be the ugliest person you have ever met, but you never gave them a chance. That's when you realize that, that person is perfect. Its also like don't judge a book by its cover. Until you actually meet that person and get to know them. Personality can change your first impression. Personality is mostly who you are finding out, who that person is, can be life changing. For you not knowing who someone is can have a big change for you. You really don't know who you are really meeting. Personality gives great insights in that person and who they really are. Also, however they want to come out to you.Also, communication is key it's really important to have communication. Communication gives confidence to the other person who you are communicating with. That shows that you understand the other person and feel comfortable with them. Having good eye contact and hearing all the information of the conversation that they are giving you, makes them open more up to you. Additionally, I disagree that the first impression is almost impossible to change. Their personality, the way they look, and communication skills can always change your whole point of view on a person. Looks can be looks, personality being honest no matter what. Communication skills are you by listening, can help you on your first impression. Therefore, by taking the time, day, hours, and effort to get to know someone can benefit you from not judging a book by its cover. First impressions can change, by getting to know that person and who they really are.  