We choose our own character traits. Because you are responsible for yourself and what you want in your life. A lot of people are going to decently criticize your traits and tell you that you are not good at this and that. Therefore, you are responsible to succeed in life by doing the right things and using the right traits. For example if someone else comes and tells that you are not good at your job, and you know you are doing good and everyone tells that you are doing awesome. And you are strong and confident at what you do then you are good. In the other hand people think that traits are formed by influences or beyond our control. But influence comes from our own family. For example our ancestor could have done the things that our dad or mom are wanting us to be doing. Therefore, our traits are every good because our dad and mom already did the traits that our ancestor thought them. Furthermore we are getting strong and have the capacity to teach others about what traits are all about. As a result the younger generation is learning about a trait really is. Traits really means a Latin life because a trait definitely describes how your personality really is and what you are perfect at. For example if you are good at playing soccer that's a persona trait. Sometimes it takes a long time to learn what really your traits are. But if you now you are good at something show the world who you really. Our character traits are more important than we realize because it defines how you are. In addition, our traits is what gets you a real job or a habit that you have. Also, character traits are you being smart you acting or doing other things. For example helping your brother or your friends at school is a trait because you now the topic and they don't. In Addition, of this is what defines your character traits. In conclusion, we are the ones that decide our traits even now our parents or other people try to tell us what to do. At the end we are the ones that decide our future and what really our character traits are. And where we to fully develop them. We just got be strong overcome any obstacle.  