I think the students should not be allowed to use their cell phone in classroom, the effects of allowing them is not going to be useful comparing to how it will take their attention from their class work to the online world of cell phone. The reasons that most schools have free computer or laptops for all students for educational purposes, and distracting other students, teachers, and the student, who does as well, without even knowing that. Most or every school has too many online items for student to use for example, in my school we use laptop and iPad as a main educational resource to do the class work. Using the school resources with free internet, and that allow teachers to know what is everyone doing and help them if they need to. Also, that most schools have a library have a lot of the best free educational recourse for all students, so that make students have too many options instead of using their own cell phones in classroom. Moreover, using cell phone in the classroom would distract others students with their class work for example, I prefer using the outline resource instead of the online once, so I can not focus to my class work when students use their cell phones around me. Also, using cell phone in the classroom could be less useful compare to how it could take students attention to the cell phone Social Medea world or the online world, so if one student didn't use the cell phone in the right way or for an educational purpose all the classroom's people, teacher and students, wold be distracted out of their subject and lose their class time. Others people might have another opinion about that, for example the can say using the cell phone is useful for student for educational purpose and contact family. That can be right when we can be sure that all teenager students would do this. Also, that every school has a free phone for students to contact their families if there is a need. Therefore, using cell phone in the classroom is less use that it's, because that would was tall class's time, and students have more options to search online for their class work. We all must respect people's, teachers', and our time in classroom by not use cell phone to distract and lose the attendances' benefit in classroom.