Going outside can provide fun and enjoyable things to do for example going to the park with friend or people that you enjoy being around with, playing a sport, riding a bike, riding a scooter, and lastly a way you can spend time outside if you don't want to be so active is just walking around the neighborhood either with yourself or with a friend. Going to the park with friends or people you like surrounding yourself with is fun and enjoyable because you guys can make up a game or play a game and play in different teams and see which team wins first. Playing with some park equipment is another way to have fun for example the swings to see who can go the farthest upwards, the slide maybe you guys can time yourself to see who goes down the slide the fastest, or the monkey bars to see who can get across the set of bars quicker or who can hold themselves on the bars the longest. A little of a made up game my sister and I played when we were younger was obstacle course so what I would do is tell my sister that the floor was an ocean filled with hungry sharks and that would make the game more intense because at the time we were very scared of sharks and so if one of us fell of the monkey bars or rope the other would have to start chasing the person who fell until the person who fell gets to their "safe spot" which the safe spot would have to be far. Another thing you can do outside is play a sport, ride a bike or ride a scooter. Playing volleyball, soccer and basketball are my favorite sports not only because it's fun, but it's very competitive and that always gives me so much energy and having energy just makes the game better because it makes both the competitors competitive since the boost of energy makes them tensed and careful to make sure they don't mess up, so they watch the competitor like a hawk. If playing a sport is boring and not interesting to someone, riding a bike or a scooter is an option. Riding them is exciting and fun. Riding a bike or a scooter around a park is relaxing if your just calmly passing through but if you're racing with someone or yourself then it's fun, so both ways is enjoyable to a person. If I go out to bike or scooter I'm with either a friend or a family member because we like to bike or scooter next to each other and just talk or race to see whose faster and better at going biking or riding a scooter. If going to the park or playing a sport doesn't interest you, and you just rather do something calming and relaxing then going on a walk, run or laying outside with a blanket on the ground and watching the clouds go by is an option for you. If you're with someone and you guys want to run then you guys can calmly jog next to each other or have a small conversation while running or run and just be next to each other for support and comfort. If you're walking just with yourself then you can breathe, think, or just look at your surrounding look at the trees, houses if they're any nearby, or the flowers. Laying out a blanket on the ground and staring at the sky is enjoyable to some people because watching the sky and how the clouds move is angelic and peaceful to them, so if you're wanting to do something that includes being outside, and you don't want to do anything then walking, running. And sky watching is for you. Laying out a blanket and watching the clouds go by is probably one of my favorite things to do just because it's very relaxing to me, distracts my busy mind, and I find clouds beautiful so watching something that gives me peace to me makes me happy mentally and physically. Going to the park, playing a sport, going on a walk, or a run is some things you can do outside and enjoy and have fun. Being outside is important because vitamin D if it's low then a way you can raise it up is going outside because the sun is a part of vitamin D so not only going out is good for you physically, but it can also be good for you mentally. Fresh air we're used to being home all day and going out to get some fresh air will cleanse you.