There are a lot of ways to safe energy and conserve resources, but not all the people follows along with them. As an example for that could be, that every time people are not using a light at their house they must turn it off. Also, when students use their computers at school for a long time just playing games and charging it, it's a waste of energy. Not everybody understand how important the energy is. This is why businesses and schools should adopt a four-day week, with each day consisting of then hours. Having a four-day work week has their benefits. Workers would only work four days and have three-day weekend, they would have more time to rest, and have a time with their families. On the other hand working requires using energy for any type of power tools as computers, printers, and construction tools. Working four days a week will decrease the use of energy.Also, some people drive to their job, and others ride the bus, using this method of working only four days a week will save the people more resources, as gasoline, money, and vehicles. As working four days a week has their benefits, it also has their disadvantages. Students would have to go school, and workers would have to go to work only four days a week, of each day consisting of ten hours. Students would have to stay at school two more hours, meaning they would waste more energy as they usually do. Workers would waste a very big amount of energy due by the power tools they use. Students would only go to school for four days, and workers to work for only four days as well, but each day costs in ten hours, however they still will work for forty hours, as if they worked five days a week, workers and students will be wasting the same amount of energy and resources. Being a student and going to school for only four days a week and having a three-day weekend has their benefit. Students would have more time to complete their homework, and study for tests. On the other hand going to school requires wasting some energy, and resources, students uses their computer that they need to charge, and teachers uses paper every day, while using this method students and teacher would save resources and energy. Some students drive to school, others take the bus, or they also drive to academies, this all relates to the wasting of energy and resources as gasoline. Otherwise, going to school for only four days a week, will decease all the energy used in computer, and the gasoline the cars need to get students to school. Students going to school only four days a week has their benefits and disadvantages. Students would waste less energy than they do in five days, they also would waste less gasoline and money if they only come four days. Having this method the comminute would save a lot of energy and resources that can be needed it for the future. Schools should follow this model by extending the school days two hours and waste less energy and resources. 