I would agree with Emerson's in this world be yourself which is the most important things. If we have confidence your own because we face with different kind of station that we have to fight and difficult staff in life never give back keep working hard encourage find way that take of your sectional. For example: If we start something new that took long time to reside that result we have to be patient for that greatest thing never get quickly every beginning took time for that accomplishment we are face difficult time like might field are might be won for first chance never lost our hope keep working hard. Don't depended on other people never improve in life because depended on others. In the world indefinite multitude or great quantity or distance make a difference a way. For all the world in every way ex acuity copies which look for all the world like the original. You should try to become succeed in life to get of the way from problem find solution how to succeed in your life. First, trying as mach could do make more successful this new world sometimes is life easy but, sometimes is not because life complicate and busy. If continue this way your life totally change working hard more successful and, more achievements. Should be put the goals what should I, do to accomplishment my goals for that you should keep trying to never stop your trying because noting impassable without trying. When start something for that need trying to reside achieve your pride. Those people are trying are working hard now the have more power. Then, the greatest thing you have to skill which is more important than part of life also. Without skills never get achievement because everything bast on standing everyone they have special skills that make encourage and make them successful in the life. For example one person good in the reading some are the writing, some cooking, some are management, and some are making with hand ext... Those are part of skill everyone they had for that presence this greatest achievement this very important. Those people the don't a have those are more make terrible never couldn't solve the own problem the need the come to help them this is showing weakness a person. Some people thing they don't have skill this impossible but, never are used own skills the thing couldn't do it the always thinking negative they lost. After, beyond every good thing they have achievement. When get our achievement that made feeling proud your self encourage you doing good things that challenge of life the person make more successful. I do agree with Emerson statement to encourage you working hard trying your life you would be got the greatest achievement.