Some people believe that in order for a student to put their best effort they have to go to a praise, as well as others think effort will find others to believe that true self-esteem comes from an achievement. Achievement can make a student accomplish a lot of things way in their life such as goals they have set, new things, and focus on things that have to be done. As a student achievement could let students accomplish a lot of things in their life such as goals they have set. Students like to get their work done. Also have good grades that make them feel confident about themselves. Try new things that they always wanted to do. Especially students will be able to think that things can be accomplished by working hard towards it. It's accomplishing what they have set to reach true - self esstem because the more you accomplish as a student the more you want to do in your lifesaving confidence in yourself can lead you to true self-esteem. It can let you do many things also your favorite things. Without a person having confidence in themselves can lead to negative things. It will make a student focus on what they are doing also what they have to accomplish in order for them to finish what has to be done. Having a positive attitude will make a person interact with other people, and make you look as a good person. Students having true self-hosted is an important rule in everyday life. It lets you do things that you thought you wouldn't do. There is more socializing with people and learning new things by them. It makes students put the best effort in what they do. It gives new learning skills and become smarter. Many students can become the best version of themselves with being positive at all times. It's important to believe that things can be done with being positive in what is ready to be done. Students should believe that having true self -esstem is important in things you do. As some people believe a students work to build self-esteem, it's important to have true self-hosted because it makes you accomplish things such as doing great things, have self-confidence, and have a mind of goals that can be accomplished. However, ; it’s important to maintain a positive attitude to accomplish things.