Yes, I do believe that imagination is important more than our knowledge. Albert Einstein is recognized as the most brilliant person who has ever lived. He used his imagination more than his knowledge, which made him accomplish so many things. He imagined things first, then used his knowledge to make that happen. If we couldn't imagine things, it would've been difficult for anyone to invent something or do a lot of things. All the inventors, who has invented things first used their imagination to create an image on their mind to see how it will look like, which helped them to make the item. Imagination helps us to accomplish our goal. It shows us what we can do to achieve it. Imagining helps us in many ways. I always think or imagine before I do something big. I always imagine before making a choice or decision because I do not know how it will turn out. Sometimes some people think its funny and laughs that imagination can't come true, but I do believe that no matter how hard is to accomplish my success, I will always try. My parents always tells me to imagine what I truly want to be when I grow, which is amazing. I think many parents are strict and tells their children to stop imagining things and always study, which I believe education is very important but telling someone to stop imagining is not quite right, Once I read in an article where it said that imagining thing is a natural habit, and you will imagine things unless you have disability or blindness. Once I also read an article that says that according to physiology imagining things is important for our brain. We imagine things every day. When we are imagining things or just thinking, it helps to improve our brain. Scientist always has a prediction or imagines before doing an experience because they don't know what is going to happen. That helps them to be prepared so that if something happens their going to be ready for it. Albert Einstein had a amazing knowledge also he believed that imagination is important, which made him be a successful person. There are so many celebrities, who wrote a quote about how imagining helped them achieve their goal. For example Taylor Swift always imagined that she's going to be a singer when she was young, and now she is a singer. Sometimes people can use imagination in a bad way like imagining robbing a bank but it's not good, but they need to think deeply how it can affect them. If you also don't use your knowledge can't succeed because you have to use imagination and knowledge to succeed, you have to use both. I will always remember this quote.