Do I think we choose our traits? In this world people choose their pathway. What they want to be in life. What career they want to do in the future. Some people have not figured out what they want to do in their life. It is always up to yourself to make life choices and some people like to listen to other people ideas but not listen to themselves. Humans like to listen to their friends or family members ideas too see if they can help them out. I think people like to listen to others people ideas but their own idea which is showing they can not make their choices by themselves. Many of the humans depend on their friends or family being their to help them out. Being part of this life is learning how to make choices by yourselves and going out in the world and making yourselves an adult. Kids that turn sixteen start looking for jobs, so they can grow and see how the money and dealing with customers works. When I turn sixteens years old I went out to look for jobs I wanted that feeling where I could earn money. People would make fun of me for working at a thrift store. At that time I cared what people would say about me and I told my manger that the job was not for me. I would listen to people comments, but it was not worth it because they are not going to be there in the future. The point is we let people make our choices when we can do it ourselves, but we like to depend on others. Some people can feel like the world make their choices. Someone who you do not know about can judge you for no reason. Some people feel like they have to make everyone happy but not make themselves happy. When it comes on choosing who will be our next president not a lot of people like to tell others who they will vote for because there is always a person who will say something about it. There was a time when I was in my government class and a student asked what I thought about our president and his issues. I told him how I felt and instead of telling that he's agreeing with me, he told me how wrong I am, and I did not know anything about the issues and how the president is trying to slow it. It can always be a person who you do not know trying to make your choices. Even though sometimes we make our mistakes however I feel like we depend on othersWhen it comes to make out choice we like to learn from experience we have been through. We like to watch other people do it, or we like to do it ourselves. I think it happened to be before when I thought I was doing it the right way and I would look around my classroom and I would see the other students doing it differently. By the end of the class the teacher got all of us in trouble because we did it the wrong. I should have asked the teacher or kept doing how I was doing it before. I feel like some people do not have the confident in themselves. Furthermore, I think that is right because sometimes I overthink about something that is not a big deal. In this world we do not like to do our things. We like people choosing for us, making decisions for us, and depending on others. Some people take time to figure out their life and who they want to be in life. I think we like to depend on other people ideas and not listen to ourselves. Living in this world is always about making choices and living by those choices. Do not have to listen what other people say about what you think and how you should live your life.  