When you first meet a person for the first time, it is good to have a positive attitude towards the person so that they see a good impression of yourself and how you are as a person. Meeting someone for the first time is a way to show them who you are, but that impression never changes because they know that you are that person of character. there's many ways of having a good, bad, and persuasive attitude when you're meeting a person, businessman, and even a friend. I think that the first impression towards a person can be like how they view you as a whole. It doesn't always have to be about character this could go for anything even including: movies, video games, and television shows. They can have a strong impact on you, even little kids that are growing up that watch TV, this television show have a first time impression towards them. Meeting a person with a bad attitude/ impression can show you that they are not good for you or even around the people that you hang out with, many people tend to have the impression of a cool and awesome person when in reality they aren't that person, many people try to put up an image, so people think that you are "awesome" or "cool". Leaving someone with a bad impression can have a big or negative impact in their life for example when you first meet a person you want to date they could leave you with a good impression but over time that person can change the way they feel about you, and you see that a are changing as person which many people aren't comfortable with change of a person. Also having a bad impression on the job you are trying to get, won't get you the job because of how you are behaving or using words or even body posture says a lot about a person. Good impression that you show the first time to a person meets you be kind and just have a good attitude, so people will have the same to you. Being good to people in life can away have a positive outcome. don't be always god to people that treat you bad and run you over and over again.I think it's best to have good first impression to anyone you meet in your life because those people will like you and some will not like you at all, but being the best of yourself to your potential can be amazing at times but always have a positive mind set about impressing other people and It's not always about impressing other people it's also about having that thought of being your best at all times.