I agree with the Former British Prime Minister Winston Churchill, that failure plays an important role for some people in life, If they fail once they could get it right the second time and succeed. People will learn from their mistakes, and it will take time for people to be successful in their life and accepted that they failed for the first time. Its very important for people to know that if they fail they can try again and can go back and check to see what was wrong or think to them self what they did wrong, They can learn from their mistakes and not give up when they fail the first time. People that have failed in life know that it's not a bad thing when they fail. It's actually a good thing to fail in life and people that know what It's like to fail would get inspired to work extra hard and take more time to look over everything. They would also stay on the positive side and have family, friends, and other people supporting them and cheering for them no matter what happens if they fail or don't fail. The British prime minister probably has fail in the past years when he was younger and was successful after he learned from his mistakes. Nobody is perfect in life that's why we fail in life to see what we did wrong and make sure that it doesn't happen in the future. Here is one example, If someone wants to open a coffee shop the person would need to get a loan from the bank, so they can purchase a building and to start their own coffee shop business and come up with the name's for the coffee shop, drinks, pastries, and food that will be on the menu. People that have wanted to start their own coffee shop business or other kinds of business, doesn't always work out for them for some reasons and are not very successful when doing the planing their ideas and would want to hire someone to help them come up with more ideas. The person might not be happy when he or she were unsuccessful for the first time to try and open their own business and take a few more months to come up with more ideas to be more successful for the second time. Overall, I think that failing is good thing and not a bad thing its just people don't have to give up after they fail the first time they need to give another second chances until they get it right. People should get inspire to keep working hard when they fail and not quit, because not everyone in the world is perfect in life. 