People should make their own decisions about life's important matters. I agree with this statement because once people get older as a person they know what they are doing and what they want. Another reason is high school, people are a teenagers and people are still learning, but sometimes make mistakes. Moreover when people are eighteen they start to make important choices and actions about their life. When a person gets older they learn between right and wrong. For example a person should never spend their money on something they don't need and knowing if they do they'll be broke and have financial problems. People know what are the needs and wants in life, they learn this throughout life and the one to make the decisions. High school is where people start to have an idea or know what you want to do as a career. In high school you get to meet a lot of people and make new friends, in addition you make a lot of decisions. The decisions people make and ask their self are, should I be friends with this person, should I go to this class, and sometimes people don't want to continue school. More over people want to experience a party in high school, so they sometimes make the decision to go and drink or do drugs, but end up getting in serious problems. In the end people make the decisions. When a person turns eighteen they are an adult now and probably out of high school. People are either in collage or working when eighteen. That's a decision people make before graduating and that's a very important life choice. Sometimes people make the decision not to go to collage or sometimes go to collage then drop out and that's a decision a person makes because they think it's the best for them.in conclusion people make decisions and learn from it. People know between right and wrong, need and wants, and what they want to do in life. You also make mistakes in life, and sometimes you need to make that mistake in order for you not to make the same decision again. At the end of the day people know what they want in life and know the decisions they make. Guidance from others is an idea or option, people will still have to make the decisions.  