Do I agree or disagree on Ralph Waldo statement well I agree on what he is trying to say because you can master beyond something and get somewhere in life? Also following your dreams and do what you want to do. Try not to follow anyone's decisions they make for you because it's not right for them to do so. It's your path to choose what you have set in life. You can master things in life if you believe in yourself and never give up. But people can tell you that you aren't too good for things, and you should give up on everything. If you were to master something important you will get somewhere in life. It can start by graduating from any school. If you mastered graduating from school it can get you a new job where you can do something better, and you can grow from it. Also, you can be willing of having a family, that for me, it's a huge thing to have because they will help you get better opportunities. However, mastering what you can, it can take you to places, and you can improve to becoming something better. Trying your hardest is a big keynote because if you don't, you may never get to become what you want, and you may never grow from it. What do I want to do and should I follow my dreams or goals? By following what you want to do you can become the next big singer out there. If you want to achieve something no one believed you can do you can become the next president. Also, by thinking out of the box it can make you do things you have always wanted to do. However, if you believe in yourself you can be a professional soccer player without being so ostentatious. But people can bring you down, and you can always bring yourself back up if you believe that you can do it. How can I not try to follow anybodies decisions they make for me. Well you always have to make sure that things are about you even if you don't want it to be about you. People can make you do things, so you can give up on something you set your goal on. Don't listen to what they say or on what they want to tell you. It's not good for you to have negativity around you. Also, you have to efface on what people have to say about what you do or how you are going to do it. However, make your mark and show them what you can achieve and make the people who believed in you proud that you did it. When someone has something so positive to say that can change someone's thinking I have to agree to what he or she has to say, and it's true we do have to master beyond something, or we will never grow. To never give up on following your dreams and what you have set your goals for. Also try not to listen or follow what anyone decides for you and try to make it about what you want it to be. If you mastered that goal by you having them set then you will be going to places and having great opportunities. It's hard if you don't do things you have set your mind to because you will go nowhere. But you can always get advice from people whom you think will help you out.  