I am writing about should students work in schools or their homes. Most people think it's best for kids to be in school than in their homes because it can help them in their social life, make friends in there world instead of being lonely. Even though lots of students like to work at home, I strongly believe it's better to work at schools. Students should have friends in their lives to be more social in the world. When I was younger I use to switch schools to schools then I went to a school called Generic_School I was the only new kid in school I had no friends I was the quite in class, then one day I join a club called book club we just read books and talked about what happen in them. Then one of the kids came up to me and ask what do you like I told him what I love like animals, sports. Those were the things we both like too he was my first friend in that school. Students should be in schools because they should be comfortable when meeting, talking with other students because they might have things in common. At school students can help each other out in class if they don't understand something. For example, In history there are students that don't understand they would just sit in their seats and not ask for help. One day I saw a student frustrated with work, so I decided to help him in America Civil War. When we took our test we both got A's. In my class students can be helped by classmate or the teacher. During school projects students can be in partners or in groups to get a good grade. In my science class we have projects to do we get in a group of friends to get a good grade, and we see a student work by him self. When we got our projects back we got an A and the student got a B. This shows that in schools we should be with other students to bring in ideas, ways that others can't see. In school, you can be well taught and understand better when people like teachers, or other students help them. It's best for students to be in school rather than be home school.