What are we in the future. Who are we now from then. How did we get this way. The fact is a lot of people are born every day. We can not stop who people are and become. Character traits start in ones teenage years. When you grow big you keep some and throw some. If it was your choice or some else who influence. There are a lot of people who change themselves. People who change for others. There are a lot of ways to become you. When you know who you want to be as a person that's when you pick up traits. When you want to be something you start learning things. You can't have character if you don't want to be someone. Character traits are things people notice about you. Like right now there are to Women right now one is dressed nice has done her hair. She is like to be fancy she blows her nose outside. She teaches Spanish I think, so she travels for sure. She is actually beautiful so you know she married. This another women is dressed causal and is wear a school jacket. She has a buyout seems to be nice. She teaches science she most be smarts. You thoughts of a lot of traits for them. How do you think they built them. They lived in different house and different schools and have a lot of different traits. Everyone can be different trait and same one. You can never find someone with all the same traits. People see them in other and copy. People learn from themselves and make them. Traits are something you learn and keep. Now if traits were something beyond your control that's different. If something beyond are control was doing this you'd think different. If you are talking about TV that's cool yeah I think so but not like that. TV is kinda like school but a lot of different things. You learn a lot of things from the TV that aren't the same. So you build off that. If you are talking like someone controlling of that's a whole different story. People would be a more like and that's how you tell we are in control. People make their on character always. People will always be different from others. We all want to be are own person in the near future. Who wants to be someone else that's boring. We make new character and be are selves. We have control over who we are. You can live the same life as everyone and end up different. You control your own life.