Do you think it is a good idea for students to commit to a career at a young age? Personally, I would rather go to my house, and eat spaghetti because people need to realize of what career they would want to choose if they would want to succeed in the future. Few of my friends want to become a doctor, and some of my other friends would want to become a mechanic. Careers are like longtime thinking, for people would want to change their minds, and choose another career that is more suitable for them to learn in college. The reason why I choose this topic, for people need time, impression, and support for their careers. People always need time to think of what career that they would want to choose, so they can enjoy their careers, and have better reputation in their work. Some teachers think it is a better idea to think of a career in high school, yet some students disagree with the teachers. Students in high school need to understand that if they don't like the career that they choose, they are more likely to fail than succeeding than others in their careers. Bunch of students agree that having to think about career in high school is a good thing; however, a lot of students disagree that we should have more time to think about careers at an older age. These are the reasons why I think young people should have more time to think of what career that they would want to have, so they can gain more confidence in the future. Impression is also important, for it helps people gain morale if they would want to think of a career. Some students think having impression won't help you, yet some students do agree that having impression would help pressure them to find a career. Generic_Name went to college with impression, so she had the confidence of choosing what career that she would like to choose at an older age. Impression isn't for everybody, nor it is for some students who need of help finding a career in high school or college. Impression would help some students in high school, but some teachers do think it would also help them in college. Personally, I would need impression if I would want to go to college. Support is also good too, for people who aren't confident of choosing what career they want to learn about, so they would ask their friends, or even family members for help and support. Support is a main key to success; however, few of my friends disagree with me. The reason why they don't believe in support, for they found careers easier without receiving help in college, or even in high school. People also need to support young kids that having a career is a longtime changing, so they would have to think about it in college, and not in high school. Generic_Name wanted to become a doctor, yet she didn't do well, so she has gotten support to look for another career in college. The reason why I like support, for I wouldn't want to brainstorm careers by myself. The thing about young people is that thinking about careers in high school should have more time to think, for it is always important of what career they would want to choose. I do agree that some students should brainstorm about their careers in high school; however, I am not very sure if they would like to learn a lot about whatever career they have committed to. Even people do want to commit to a career at a young age they would still need to know what to do to learn in college. Thinking about a career isn't easy, yet some students don't take it seriously of what career that they are committed to. These are all the reasons why I think we should have time, impression, and support. We should commit to a career at an older age, not at a younger age.