It has been said that the first impression are almost impossible to change. I disagree because when you look at a person for at three seconds you think you know that individual already, Until you have a conversation with him/her for at least ten seconds your whole impression will change with a "blink of an eye". However, I disagree the first impression is almost impossible to change. The reason why is that the way a person looks, personality, and there way communication skills are always that can change your whole point of view of an individual. From your first impression when you look at them.However, the way a person looks from your first impression isn't always who they really are. Base on your information on someone isn't ever really true. Meaning looks can be deceiving. Ex. The guy/girl could be the cutest person you have ever seen, and you really want to meet them. Until they were the worst nightmare, and you hate them with a passion. This also works vice verse. Ex. The guy/girl could be the ugliest person of the time, but you never gave them the time of day. Until you met them and started talk to each other. That's when you realize that this person is the one for you. It's like saying don't judge a book at its cover. Until you opened it and read it. That's when you really like this book. Sometimes a personality can be a huge factor on your first impression. Neverless personality can change your first impression. Personality is mostly made up of whom you are. The basic qualities, and beliefs you have on a individual. Find out who someone can be a life-changing event for yourself not knowing who someone really is can have a big effect on you, because you really don't know who you are dealing with. Personality provides great insight into individuals and their lives. Being honest no matter what with someone can build a strong first impression on yourself and the person right in front of you. Showing the courage to do what's right in those situations, being loyal at your friends and love ones are good ways to boost you relations with another individual. Having the drive to keep going can rise-up your personality and your first impression to a different climax. Communication is key to your first impression. Furthermore, communication skills consist of verbal and non-verbal by transferring information to another individual. Communication involves displaying confidence, and passion to show that you understand the individual topic by being eye contact and hearing all information that they are telling you. By you giving your honest opinion on a situation can grater your chances being with that individual, when keeping an open mid and resisting giving your quick judgments are clear signs of good communication skills. Additionally. I disagree that first impression is almost impossible to change. The reason why is that the way a person looks, their personality, and their communication skills are always that can change your whole point of view on a person. In other words, looks can be deceiving personality because being honest no matter what is key, and communication skills are caused by you first impression. Therefore, by taking the time, day, hours, and efforts to get to know someone can benefit you from not judging book by its cover.  