Are you happy with your self? Ralph Waldo Emerson wrote, "To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment." Do you agree or disagree with this statement? I agree with this statement, being yourself and not letting people change you is a great accomplishment. One should never allow someone to change you. To be yourself is the best way to the greatest accomplishment because people try to persuade you or talk to you about doing something else that doesn't impress you. You have to actually think about what you actually want to do to accomplish in life. You don't have to listen to what other people say and tell you. Most of the time people gives wrong advice to others. You have to believe in yourself, that you can accomplish greater thing just doing what you admire. Go with what you think it's a good decision for you, either being by yourself or need someone to tell you what to do. Most time people doubt others. Having a strong feeling that being by yourself is a good decision for you, that a good thing because that's means you have no problems of being by yourself. If you know that you're going to succeed in life then that amazing because you believe in yourself. Go with that decision that you think is right and don't allow anybody to make you do something that you don't think is wrong. However, there are people who think allowing someone to change you can be an accomplishment. Only if it is for the good. For example, if someone is having a hard time being a good citizen, and they are always getting into trouble, then yes changing them is a good thing. You can help them out by saying" what you're doing is not a great decision, you should have better choices than getting into trouble." Another example, is if someone is having a difficult time, you could help them by giving them good advice how to accomplish something. Being yourself lead to great accomplishment. I agree with this statement. Sometime people try to change you because they thought you couldn't succeed with what you wanted to become or wanted to accomplish. Sometimes being yourself doesn't go as plan as you thought it's going to go. In my decision being yourself and actually knowing what to do is the best decision to the greatest accomplishment.  