"I would identify you playing an online game such as cahoot, cool math, and there's lot of other games you could play online that will help you learn something. The thing is the games are fun to play and are educational. Examples would be Cahoot is this game where you and your classmates play the teacher gives questions and whoever gets the most right wins at the end of the game sometimes the Teacher might give you a reward for winning. There is also cool math it's not one particular game but it's a website with tons and tons of games you can play math games there really fun. The games are fun because you get to play with your friends and specially on cool math there is this one game where you a cube, and you have to run and there's levels it helps you with geometry. "I would say lots of people that go to public schools have played that game because it's just that popular and fun. Especially cahoot every kid that attends a public school has played this game either to study or just have some free time."I'm not just saying you have to play games to have fun while being educational, but it does really help a person out some kids would just rather maybe get a book or do the work straight up and that's also good, but sometimes you could enjoy playing games and those games are enjoyable and help you learn to "I really suggest them. But there are other things like doing a science experiment you could find interesting things that you never knew before, also playing an instrument "if you enjoy music that's really fun you can learn how to play an instrument, You could also be in a play if you like acting anything that fits your interest and is educational you should try it." I also identified math, chest, and science fairs. First we will talk about Math, when you're good at math and want to compete against other students or just learn more and be good at math there usually pretty fun when you finally get to know all that stuff it's a great experience." Now we will talk about chest, chest itself is a really fun board game you have to use your brain to make good plays and focus on what your doing why its fun is when you become good at the game or already are it gets easy and enjoyable. You can win money from chest if you're competing for your school or maybe a team they have tournaments, and you can win money which is great because everyone wants some type of money." Last one science fairs making volcanoes erupt, making just in total something amazing which you can show your whole school that's pretty cool. Why its enjoyable is because when you make something cool your peers around you get to see it and if you're good at stuff like that you will most likely enjoy it.