Have you ever worked individually on an assignment and was stuck and had no motive to keep pushing? Well if yes I'm here to tell you why working with a group is more beneficial than working alone. I believe working with a group is far easier than working alone, communication is key. Therefore, if you have communication you don't have to do as much work; just have to gather your thoughts and put them together and let it make sense. Group work has to be one of the easiest things as a homeschooler group work assignments are the best, hearing what others have to say can really open up the brain. Sometimes group work may be challenging, but it also helps you in the real world which us people need which takes me to my next topic; respecting everyone ideas and having a goal. Group work isn't always about who has the most ideas or who can put it together and what not, It's more of letting people get their thoughts out. Having one or two individuals speaking over everyone can affect the whole group chemistry, making sure everyone is conformable before you start is very helpful of the process. Working with a group you have to come up with a goal;However every goal has a destination. Therefore, if everyone in the group has a designated job to do no matter what they're working towards the same goal. In my opinion goals are good when doing anything when there is a goal to accomplish it just pushes the work ethic to obtain that goal. History shows you that having a destination pushes the brain to do better and has a big effect on the outcome. Personally, as I work in groups I collect other peoples ideas and analyze their way of thinking and use it to my advantage. This help expands the thought process as many can see a different perspective on things. It's actually amazing how someone thoughts can open multiple thoughts for an individual that didn't even know they could think of such thing, that's why I stress so much about group work it can be rough, frustrating,inpatient but at the end it's all worth it. Another way you can think of it;let's say you were working alone, and you got your project done, well that's okay but wouldn't you want to know more about whom ever you are? Wouldn't you want to get pushed out of a shell and experience new things? Also, a group is not always a maximum group of 5-7 people it can also be about just 3 maybe even two. Group work has more pros than cons; criticisms is in the category or pros if were being honest, even if your partner not giving you as much feed back your at least getting something. Then not getting anything at all in my opinion people that work by themselves are just flat out :selfish,hard-headed, and think they're too good for everyone. While people are working alone they could be working on their work place readiness skills. However, some may say working alone is much more precise than working with a group, In some ways they are correct. Yes the process goes faster and there is less to do;as a team may have to do more before they get started. Also, you can state your own ideas how and where you want it to go without someone thinking otherwise of that thought. All around working alone much faster than working with a group but if you ever want to get to that next step/level your going to have to sit down with a group of peers and express your feeling which takes:character, time and patient. I have come to the end of my writing I hope I have changed your perspective on things and hope you even learned something with reading my essay. I just want everyone out there to know accepting critic isn't bad neither is accepting that you are wrong and someone else is right. So take that next step and go interact with others to better yourself!