Some people think that when they master at something they've never mastered at, then they will grow up. That is what Author Ralph Waldo Emerson said in his quote. "Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow. An example of this statement are babies starting to walk. Then they achieve at it, then they will start talking. From that point on, they will grow into toddlers where they will learn about letters, numbers, how to share with others, and some easy words to pronounce. When they get to kindergarten, they will learn about math, reading, and writing. Upon growing into teenagers, they will learn about harder math skills like harder math, reading, and they will even apply for a job. When they grow into 10th graders, they will learn about business, marketing, and learning to drive. A similar experience I had was when I was starting Automotive Technology was when I learned about how to operate tools like wrenches, ratchets, how to lift and carry things like tires, how to use safety equipment, and how to operate electric tools like machines, impact guns, and drills. It was scary at first, but overtime, I've been continually practicing using these tools, and now I'm an expert at using these equipments. Another experience I had was when I was doing chores like cleaning, vacuuming, washing the dishes, and taking out the trash. I can do these chores without having a family member like my mom asking me to do it. Another reason why Emerson's quote is correct is because if you continue practicing at something you've névé excelled at, you excel at it, then you will continue mastering at it. It will make people happy that they achieved at it. A similar experience I had was when I was in my elementary school years when I was eating dinner with my family. Back then, I used to eat a lot, and that is still true today. I would finish almost everything from meat, soup, etc. My family was impressed at how much I've eaten. As a result, I grew so much that I was taller than most of my family members, and it's still true today. I continue to eat a lot and I will eat more in my future. Another experience I had was in elementary school. In elementary school, I learned about mathematics from addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division. Back then, it was a little tough at first, but I kept practicing, and now I can excel at this. In contrast, of Emerson's quote, if people keep practicing, but they don't seem to achieve it, it might make them feel upset and defeated. However, to remedy that, if people continue practicing at something challenging, there is a higher chance that they will achieve at it. It will certainly make people joyful that they achieved it. As Emerson said in his quote, if you try your best or master at something you've never excelled at, then you will grow up and feel joyful about it. By continually practicing, you will most likely achieve at it.