Generic_Name writing SOL day10/23/2019prompt: School program"Life in high school". In high school to ca be graduate and learn how the new life is in here, and learn a lot of things to adapted or to fit to the new language and the new people what did I say new here is another world, new people new language that is why I'm here, I came from to my native country. To learn English and speak like a normal person like I speak Spanish, speak bout same without of problems. I'm going to take position on myself to spoken in this introduction, things did I most enjoy in high school is having the opportunity to study here in the United States. And also learn a new language I'm, so thanks full for all those opportunities.All the things did happen on my life was not easy, and also I remember when my cousin speaks English like a normal language, and he also came from where came from and I remember did I said I want to spoke like you, I was so impressed and how he can speak English like a normal person here in the U.S., because in that time I did not have any English at all. When was my time to get in high school begin all these things did I was want for a long time. First day I was so nerviest but at the same time exerted because I came in with my mind in what I'm want and what I love was and is learned English and spoke like normal. Generic_School give the opportunity at the students graduate on three years, except at the normal traditional four, let me tell you why I take three years except at the normal four cause my age I'm almost getting on (21) at the date to graduate for example, if I'm taking the four years of high school when the people have more than 21, they kicking you off the schools thing was I good idea taking just the three years to can be graduate on time. In addition, all what has to happen to can be graduate is taking all the classes did I need it to get the credits. Making or taking classes on summer school maybe night school to graduate on time is hard process to graduate in three year but helps a lot to the people who work after school or another thing that probably they have to do, to graduate without credits missing. And here I am in my last year of high school I'm a senior I feel good can be said this is my last year here and all this help me for the program what they made for us to graduate in three years that helps me at all. In conclusion; I enjoy the must time in high school I know was and is a big way to run was not easy but also no difficult when we want just put in your mind what you want and if you want you can this is my lemma don't give up at the last moment we can cause if you want you can nothing is impossible in this life don't lust the time because the time is like gold I know all this no too much relate about the prompt, but I know did I'm doing well believe in yourself. One of the things did I'm thinking about what I'm going to do after school is going directly at collage don't lust the time did I win. Was the perfect idea graduate in three years that helps me in everything I agree wit that program and idea of the district. Thanks was hard.