There are some school districts offer programs that allow high schools students to graduate in three years. There are also some good students who always have good grades in all the classes. To graduate one year earlier, students must take extra online classes or elective courses. Otherwise, they will not get enough credit to graduate in three years instead doing it in traditional four years. It is a good idea to graduate one year earlier and enter college or the work force one year earlier because if students finish high school one year earlier, they can admit into a good college and fixed their career little faster for lifetime, they can help their family with economic problems, they can also make their own purchases. Initially, this idea to finish high school one year earlier is the best idea for them who want to fix their lifetime career earlier. Some of the student who come from the other countries just by themselves also graduate in three years, may be because their entire family lives in back home. Suppose, they do not live good life in their back home. That's when students want to give them a better life by bringing them here. To bring them here, the students have to be able to have enough money and to feed them enough after bringing. And students can do all these works earlier if they finish high school in three years instead being in a high school for traditional four years. Secondly, this idea is good for the students whoare entire family already lives here, and there are some economic problems in the family. Student have permission to graduate high school earlier and enter work force earlier to help their family with economic problems. They graduate in three years and get a better full time job and help their family with economic problems. So, that way their family will not get stuck anywhere for the economic problems. Finally, this idea to graduate one year earlier is good for them who want to finish high school earlier, to go to college and also to have a part-time job on the other hand. So, they can make their own purchases, like phone, paying phone bill, going out to eat with friends, going on a trip with friends, etc. Students can also have a full time job who do not want to go to college. There is nothing wrong with graduating from high school in three years by working hard. Some students do it to make their dream become true faster, some students do it for their family problems, some students do it for their own problems. However or whenever students graduate, but parents want them all to graduate and make their future bright. After all, graduating from school is the most important thing in every students' life. 