Are first impressions impossible to change? No, I believe that first impressions are not impossible to change because when you typically meet someone for the first time many people just try to" fit in" or be someone who they really aren't but within time the perspective of how you are viewed can be changed and the first impression you made of yourself the first time won't matter. Also, when you first meet someone, typically you are nerves, and you can be seen as a quiet and closed person when in reality you are really outgoing, but it just takes you time to adapt to someone and many people don't act like themself. A example of why I disagree with "first impressions being hard to change" is because the first time I met my boyfriends' mom I was really shy and nerves and I thought was giving off a bad vibe and making myself look" bored" even though I was just trying to be careful and not seem so crazy with what I said or did. After a while of me being around her, she started to see me as a different person/much better person than I was, and she started to see how outgoing I was and how I was nothing like the first impression I gave her and her view of me changed. Another example I have of how first impression can be changed is the form the first time I met one of my best friends. I first met her through a mutual friend we both had and when we got introduced to each other I thought she was annoying and that she could never be serious but with the time that went by I started to see how she really was and that was her personality, and maybe I judged to fast. So when we started to become closer friends my first impression of her changed because now I love her and the first impression of her didn't affect me after all. So in conclusion, no, I don't think first impressions are almost hard to change. But it is also not something that can be changed within hours but with time the impression you give off can definitely be changed for the better or for the worse based on your actions as well.