The beach is the best place on earth!! A beach is a place by the ocean with sand. Most beach's have a boardwalk where people can walk up and down for fun. There are always stores along the boardwalk that have amazing things for people to take back home. One place I would love to visit is Virginia Beach because the wonderful water. I would spend all day on the beach and most of the night on the amazing boardwalk. When I would spend the day on the beach I would ride the big waves on my stomach even tho it hurts but It's still fun. Also, I would go boggy boarding because It's hard to stay on if you don't time when to jump on the wave right, I would usually bring my own board from home but the waves are so strong mine would brake, and I would always have to buy a new one over there. My all-time favorite thing to do is play on the sand when I to tired of being in the water for too long. I would usually build a long and tall sand castle then run throw it and get my mom mad because I just got sand all over her. Then my dad would dig a big whole in the sand then put me in it while my brother holding me down my dad would cover me with sand so that just my head would sick out, they would usually leave me in there for about 20 minutes or Sopwith this in mind, at night I would love going on the boardwalk and explore all the cool places. Most night there would be a band playing outside next to a Sonic fast food outdoor restraint, and they would have a game where people can win two free meals if you guess how many Jolly ranchers are in the jar. Then me and my dad would rent bikes and ride all around the boardwalk for like an hour or so to see everything that is there. Once it hits like 10:30 my brother, sister, and I would go on the sand and find cool stuff on the ground with flashlights then we would all sit down, listen to music and talk for about two hours. At like 12:00 we would go back to the hotel and while my mom and dad sleep we would sneak out and go eat out at the 24/7 all-you-can-eat restraint. With all these fun ideas, I would love to visit Virginia Beach and have a great time with the family. Going on the beach for TH day and the board walk at night is the best thing to do.