Nowadays, the majority of students in high schools do not think about their future for many factors: time, dedication, or budget. Schools are a very important tools to help students to realize how important is to commit to a career at a young age, because It is something that will help them for their future. It is a good idea for many reasons: prepares students as a future adult, keep them focus on their goals, and It gives students the time to realize what could be the ideal career for them. One important reason, is to prepare students as a future adult, because each person has a responsibility as an adult, and this is a good skill for each student to learn and built a knowledge when they get to the point of being an adult. For example, at a young age like teenagers in high school are able to absorb new ideas and words every day to built their knowledge, and have the ability to apply it in the future for their career. This is really important, because this will help to molding them as a future adult for the society. Also, It is a good idea to for students to commit to a career at a young age, because It keeps them focus on their goals. By selecting a career at a young age, students can be focus on what they want or what do they need to achieve it. For example, schools can provide vital information about the career students may select, depending on the course they like. How much is it cost, how long it may take, and do they need to know about the career. This is really important, and it can motivate students to follow their dreams, and strive to achieve their goals. In addition, It gives students the time to realize what could be the ideal career for them. Each person needs the time to know what could be the ideal career or job in order to keep forward. For example, if a student is in his or her first year of high school and she or he wanted to be a doctor, but it realized that now he or she wants to be a teacher. The student still has the chance to change its mind and can choose the career of becoming a teacher. That is why is really important to have the time to think about a career at a young age. In conclusion, committing a career at a young age is really important, because it can help people focus on what they want to be. At a young age, shows the level of mindset of each person, and who wants to be successful in life. Starting from a young age does not mean people have a final decision, but it may be an idea in general that everybody should practice at a young age to not have struggles in future decisions, and it would be easier to choose a specific career.