Imagine that you like photography, but they required you to get music, art, and drama instead of photography they will be upset. Although some people say that taking drama, music or an art class is required, but I disagree because it's their choice to take those classes or not to take those classes. If you think that those classes are required, then your wrong because, they won't do any classes that are forced them to take. If they are forced then they might like it when the class goes on, but if you say take the class, or you won't pass then they will pass the class then just not doing anything. Say one student who doesn't like art, but he takes it, and he goes on and become a popular artist, then people will think I should try those classes and see. Say, they did take the class because it was required, but they fail, the passing average of that class will go from high to low because of it bring required. If they say it's required for half a year than full year then, I will choose they are but if it's for whole year I will choose they aren't required. I think they aren't required to take those classes, because those classes aren't meant for them. Because say they want to go for other things after high school that doesn't need music, arts and drama then it was just a waste of their school time studying those, but not the one that you need for after high school. They will take it, but they won't do anything in the class if they are forced to take what they don't like. I think school just have some class that are mandatory to take, but elective aren't mandatory to take. Those classes should be elective than are required to take all those class. In conclusion that, if they choose it's required to take those class, it might change their subject on what to do after school, but for some it will not change it. If they choose not to make it required than it will have their passing average higher than going low, and that the student can take the classes they want to take. So I think that those classes aren't required to take unless they want to take.  