Working independently is harder than working as a group, but it's also better to learn things. Their working as a group or not you are still getting work done, and learning as you go. When I state that you can "learn" it means that you can find out things especially as a group where everyone has their own ideas and facts about topics. Some people just take working as a group as an advantage to just copy and get answers just to get things done. Copying others does not help you learn anything other than getting your work completed. I think it is better working alone because it would be better for me to learn. Yes, I'd probably take a long time getting it done just because I would be taking my time finding little details. Some people choose not to work independently, but I do. One reason why I think it is better to work alone is because after your done you'll feel relieved and happy. If you did what you had to do alone without anybody's help besides the person who gave you the assignment, or job whatever than you done a good job just by doing your work independently. Working as a group isn't bad I just suggest it should be better for students or anyone to work independently also to learn what their doing instead of just getting it done when you can learn and get it done. Some people end up just copying off someone else to get stuff done. Others they actually do it and share with others who actually also have stuff done to share. Not everyone copies, nor cheats just a lot of people such as students take working as a group an advantage to copy. Working together as a group can be much easier than alone but still working independently is much more helpful for your learning benefits. Anyone who is not used to doing independent work gets a little kick on working alone because their so used to working as a group. It helps people push themselves on finding more details, facts, and clues for what they need. If you do struggle of course you can obviously ask a teacher or anyone for a hand in help because you could be stuck on something. You can focus more on your work while your alone because if you're in a group working it gets you distracted. If you hear other students or people talking to you, and the rest of the group giving each other ideas while your focused to find your own ideas gets you to unfocused. Somebody else's ideas in the group could be wrong, and when you write them and use those ideas you could be wrong as well. People usually rely on others to get answers which is not right. Also, it's hard for others to communicate with others as a group which it also makes it better for anyone to work alone. You could do things your own way while working independently. All the things I wrote about help show that it is better to work independently than with others in a group.  