Do you remember a time when whether it was your parents, teacher, or someone very close to you excepts you to be something that you are not? In my opinion, all parents wants their kids to be perfect, wonderful, and hardworking. All parents wants to see them successes in life, and be happy, but what they don't understand is how much pressure and anxiety they put on their child. I remember a time when I was under so much stress and pressure because my parents wanted me to be this perfect, wonderful, and hardworking person just so I could be the best torture. Do you remember a time when you wanted to do something so bad, but everyone else wanted you to do something that you don't even like and want? I remember a very good friend of mine name Generic_Name, wanted to be an artiste, but every one in her family wanted her to be a doctor. We all know that being a doctor is not an easy job. Sure you get high salary but being a doctor is not about getting high salary or wearing the white uniform is about carrying for others and enjoying your time with others. But Generic_Name's family didn't understand that all they care about was her getting in medical school and be a doctor. Generic_Name is very smart, carrying, and wonderful person. Because of her family pressure her to be a doctor she let her dream go and now is suffering very much, because she doesn't want to be a doctor she wants to be an artiste something that she wanted to do her whole lives. That's why we should never pressure someone to be something that they are not. Dreaming and working hard to be something that you always dreamed of is very hard when you have people, who constantly try to make something out of you that you know that you are not. One example of that is when I was little I always dreamed of becoming the greatest dancer at all time, but everyone was against what I wanted to do. I remember I had to set down and have word with my family I had to explain to them why I want to be what I want to be. I was under so much pressure, stress, and anxiety that I thought I was in a war with my own family. Everything I said or do they use it against me, it was very sad, angry, depressed, and unhappy moments, but I get though it I did become a dancer, I did something that I thought I could never do, and I didn't let anyone shut me down with their words or actions. The lesson that we could learn from my story is not to stand against your family and disrespected, them, but no to allow anyone to take your dream away from you. Always stay strong and never give up." To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment." In my opinion every person in this world have the right to speak their mind and do whatever they wish or desire. No one should every try to make you something that you are not. In today's world we people try to make changes in others life by trying to make them something that they are not and that's where we lost loves one, friends and family just because we choose to do things we wanted to be insisted taking their advice and changing our path. We should be doing the thing we love and dreamed of no one has the right to tell you otherwise. You should never change yourself to make others happy or to show them you care about them, because if they really care about you, they will accept you for you. Changing yourself for other just so could show them you're carrying, perfect, and happy is not love. Everyone has the right to be happy in their lives, and we should accept them they way they are. To give you an example of what I am talking about is I had a friend name Generic_Name he was very hardworking guy who was loved by everyone in the community. Generic_Name was born in single family he was living with his mom and two younger brethren. Generic_Name's mom was a wonderful woman who was loves by everyone. Generic_Name was the older child, so he had a lot of responsibility he had to work to provide for his family, he had to go to school, and take care of his younger brothers'. When Generic_Name get accepted to college he wanted to study biology, but his mom wanted him study music but Generic_Name was never interested in music. He wants to learn about living and nonliving things, but Generic_Name's mom never agree with him, she told him" you have to study music and that's that." Generic_Name was my best so when he told me about his problem I told him" Listen Generic_Name I know you love your mom so much, but do what you love to do will make you happy, and you don't have to be something that you are not interested in because you will suffer in the future". Generic_Name loved his mom so much he didn't want to make her sad so we went to college, and he studies music, but he is never like what he was doing because he was born to be a biologist. The lesson to learn in this story is to never give up your dreams for your loved ones because once you started doing something there is no way back. In the future knowing that you did something for yourself and knowing that no matter what others said you did what you love to do is the greatest accomplishment that you could ever accomplish. Some say to be yourself is not the great accomplish but I disagree with that because being yourself, not losing hope, not giving up, and fighting with others trying not to be something that they are make you to be is the greatest accomplishment. 