In some areas they have their students pick their career right when they enter high school to help them, but personally that is not a good idea for students. Students may choose a career, and later on say they don't like the courses they have to take. Some students might even feel way too much pressure having to pick a career at a young age. Others may argue and say that having picked a career at that point, and be sure about it may feel that they are ahead of everyone else and prepared for the future. Others students might have only picked that career, because their friends have chosen the same career. Students may feel overwhelmed, and not like or take serious the career and courses they have. Students may choose a career and later on say they don't like the courses they have to take. They might feel like that is not the correct path for them. Some change their mind because they may feel like the courses are too hard, or that the amount of work is too much. Others may change because their parents might not agree with that career, because its to complicated. Students may not have fully made up their mind yet if they even want to keep studying anything after high school. In addition, if students change their mind once they might keep changing their mind again and again, because they want to experiment other careers and courses. Some students may feel way too much pressure having to pick a career at a young age. Kids may get stressed or even overwhelmed with knowing they have to choose something. As well, some students might already have jobs, and it could be tiring. Some students could experience great amounts of anxiety, because they may feel forced to take those courses to succeed later in life. Furthermore, students may not like that feeling when they have to pick and rather give up. Some schools could help pick, but students may not like that and feel more pressure. For example, just having to pick regular classes for the year is something's to really think about, because you want to take easy classes but yet succeed as well. Adding on, having to pick your career in even harder and super stressful. Others students might have only picked that career, because their friends have chosen the same career. They might think that its cool and fun, but not realize that it is a bad idea. While they start to spend more time together they could get super annoyed and agitated with one and other. Some of them might have actually like the career they chose and want to do good in the courses they take. In addition, the ones who actually want to take the classes and succeed won't let them if they get annoyed at each other. Teachers and parents may even realize that it won't be a good idea for other peers. In conclusion, having to pick a career to succeed could be stressful. Students might not be able to enjoy their teen years, because they are focused on other things. Others may also agree that being prepared for the future and having plans is a good thing, and young adults can be prepared for it. Others may disagree and say that kids need some freedom and enjoy life as young adults. In addition, students don't need to have all this pressure and just be able to take regular classes and if they want to take classes that do help with their career then, let it be an option for them. Students may be overwhelmed, and not like what they had picked.