"To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you someone else is the greatest accomplishment."-By Ralph Waldo Emerson. Some people try to accomplish themselves to demonstrate that they not need someone else to be successful. Some people believe that believe in themselves is more accomplishment than believe in another people. Those people who believe in individuality became more independent. In addition, for some people to be themselves is the greatest accomplish because people learn how they can value for themselves and demonstrate that they can be something else without help of someone. Some people rather be individuality because they didn't like the opinion of others. To begin with, People learn how they can be valued for themselves. For example, "those people who decide to marry and separate from their actual family, during time they become learning to how survive without help of their family and they're willing that they can value for themselves." Some people demonstrate that they are independents for their actions. To be ourselves teach as how confront our mistakes and how to process them. Secondly, Be individual make people more believable in themselves. For instance, "When people make thing for themselves they believe in them and being positively." Some people believe that is better be individuality because they believe in what they do that what the others' do. Some people be individuality because they are more believable for themselves. Those people who are believable in themselves are people who truly want to be successful in their life because when people are individuality they do things for their own, and they realize that they are not depending for someone. In the other hand, some people argue that is not good idea to be individual. Those people believe that be individual is a bad idea because they say that two person have more ideas than one. However, that is not true because be individual make's people to believe in themselves and also is the greatest accomplish to keep believing than what others' believe for us. Be individuality make people more believable in their selves and be positive in their own decisions. In conclusion individuality make people be themselves, and they can afford to be the greatest accomplishment. Being individuality people became to learn many things. Some people effort to do their best and not be dependent for someone. People do not need to be with a partner to demonstrate that they can do many things for themselves.