A lot of a good workers are doing all their best to find new jobs and a believing future for themselves, most of them are responsible and confident that they can do anything to make the work up and even better than it before, but they usually don't find it because they don't have experiences and these employers don't want to hire them just because of that. Although, a lot of people may argue that employees may need experience to find jobs, but actually none of that is right. There's a lot of people that found jobs and succeed without experience, you just have to keep believing and never give up. My father didn't found a job too, and he is mom was sick, and he had me as his son so young. He had no experience in any domain, and he needed a job pretty badly to pay the rent and grandma's surgery. But he tried again and again, and he never gave up, and now he is one of the most famous journalists in Morocco without any experience and still better than the one that do have experiences.First, an employee doesn't need experience to find a job, he just needs to be loyal to his job and work hard and be such an honest person to make his work go even higher and help spread love and respect at his job to all the people. Second, it's not necessarily that it has to do with jobs obviously ; it can be acting or sports or anything you want to do. You don't certainly need to have experience to do it just like Mohamed Ali said :'Everyone starts out as a beginner ", but in terms of jobs you just have to show your employers how much you deserve this job and that you can be a better candidate to hire. But you need to prepare for it thought because you don't want to look like a person that can not bring the job up and that you don't know anything about it. My father told me that mostly the workers that don't have experiences are the ones that work hard and always bring ideas that push the job even higher, and they usually have positive attitude and a positive vibe that makes the boss love them more than the other employees. Third, I don't know why all these employers don't give a chance to the employees just to see what they can do, there's a lot of people that didn't even get a chance to show their work, even thought they can be the best at it. I have a French friend that wanted to be a teacher assistant for a French class here in the United States of America, but all the schools didn't accept her as a teacher because she didn't have much experience in teaching and that is just not fair. She is French, and she can teach better because she is from the country where the language is coming from and that's how the students will learn pretty easily, that's why I believe that the employers should change their opinion about the experiences. Finally, It really doesn't matter if you don't have experiences because if you believe in your self it means that you can get any job you want, just keep the hard work and all these employers that still think that experience is necessary will regret it after because they will see you at the top. For me, experience have nothing to do with jobs everything depends on the work you're going to do and not the work you have done, and I'm pretty sure that the persons with no experience will rock it more than the ones that do have experiences and just keep in your mind the positive energy, and you'll make it just like my father did and my French friend did.