Four-day Schoolmate between benefits and disadvantages. Resume any doing school activities on regular five school day and change that for only four day. To have a four-day school week, is an option that has to be adopted not only for some businesses workers and also by each high school and higher education school after see these reasons. That is consisting of lose ten hours per week. But those missing hour can be recouped it by extending the school day two hour and increase the time for each class per day, that is an option to increase the attention and time on each class and complete any project or assignment toll by your teacher, and if we get the extra two hours, we can get more time with friends and teacher for support between us on any class someone is failing. Also, we can adopt an option for the fourth day on the extra two hours, used for time on the library, that can be amazing for the student who love reading, or students who love extra time on the sports, or any activity after school. The fifth day of the week can be used for doctor appointments or any health situations, you know the great excuse for missing classes on regular school time is because the parents write a note explaining we will be absent of some periods of classes. Doing any that situation on not regular time of school will decrease the student missing on any period of class. Without forget the teacher's situations who are the parents at the same time and need one extra day for family time and doing regular activities with their sons if that they have. Don't forget the situations on seniors who are the most difficult situations on their life, decide for future, and they need time for keeping all option from universities and college for doing the next step, higher education NAD considered also job for weekends, also about freshman, who are the children from middle school, they are the situation on needing understanding from extra activities on high school changed from their last routine. Another options for Friday or Monday free day can be used for community service, with perdition of parent and some supervision of some adults, any students who wants to participate on this can go and help on cleaning up street and river or any help on relation with community service, also the schools can create any program that consist on get many big companies who want help students find a job on this new free day and may be part-time on weekend. Considering:Only four-day school, forget about the fifth day on school (No coming a little time for five days use the full time on four days)three free days per week (use this extra time on family or friends meeting, anything you and your parents want)No wake up on Friday mornings or may be Monday mornings (depends on the petition of the school about which day is going to be the third free day, use time for rest and complete responsibilities)This idea can be not convenient for students with part-time job, because by following this model by extending the school day two hours will decrease the student's time sheet, even though if every one on this situation can use the fifth school day that will be free for a full-time job and get three full-time jobs. Always remain. BE ON TWO DIFFERENT ACTIVITIES PER DAY CAN BE HARD AND EXHAUSTING, going school than going to work is exhausting because you don't have time for rest. But, if you get only four school days even though the school increase two hours you will have time after school for rest and doing any project or homework and use the other three days for any job you think is convenient. Knowing disadvantages also remain the solutions and benefits for each disagreement on this project, because there are ores of the benefits than disadvantages for more 90 percent of the students. After mention all points on considering benefits and disadvantages and solutions on that. To a four-day school week. Willingly I conclude with "Everyone need a three-day free from school and just four days on school". Even though if any student's situation is different for using this free day, stay in home, family routines, helping on home routines, working or studying. And considering we every one are agreed with all on this document, we all together will have the power to do a fight for this new right on high school and college's students. ON THE SAME POWER, TOGETHER FOR A NEW RIGHT.