My school should not follow the model by extending the school day two hours. A four-day school week would be wonderful but, however, student would not like the fact that they have to stay in school for two extra hours. If my school extend the day for two hours; more students would skip class and not come to school. Some parents would be mad because they would spend less time at home with they children because of that. Generic_School should really cut school week to four days. I Think that it's really unnecessary to extend the school day to two hours. If My school decide to extend the school day by two hours, class would be longer and student's would get less sleep and come to school tired every day. They can only extend the school day if we only go to school three days a week. A four days a week school is still too much for kids to be going to. A bunch of students barely wants to go to school for a whole week. Some student wouldn't have enough time to stay back in school for two extra hours, because they work right after they get out of school. Parents would be really mad if they had to wait two extra hours for they kid to get out of school. Most parent would rather they kid to stay in school for the whole week, so they can get out on time. A four-day school week would be good but staying in school for two extra hours is not worth it. Students would be in school for almost half a day if they stay back for the two hours. I rather be on my regular school schedule. If Generic_School extend the school hours, kids would have more time to run the halls and skip they class. By adding extra hours to our regular time, kids will have more time to get in trouble or get suspended. School shouldn't be no more than 7 hours long. All students should go to school on time, so they can get out on time. Extending the school hours is really unnecessary. Kids shouldn't stay in school for extra hours if they got to go to school for a whole week. School should just let out on regular time, so the students could go home and get some rest. We should never have to stay in school for extra hours unless if it's snowing outside. So its best that we stay on our regular school schedule and not add extra hours.  