There are two ways of working at school, one is to work alone another is to work in groups. Many people choose to work alone because it more quiet, the grade they get on the activity only affect themselves and not other people, and not distracted from other people around them. But I prefer working in groups to be with friends, get things done faster, and more fun. Working in groups is an advantage because the people on your group can help you in many ways like to know something you don't understand, or when you need help they can help you in what you are straggling in. in one occasion when I came to the United States I was at school and that day our teacher told us that we have to do a project, and she gave us the option to work alone or to work in groups, so in that time I was a little scared and afraid to talk to people since I didn't know any English and I also was scared of people to not be able to understand me because I did not know any English I knew some words but not a lot, but a girl name Generic_Name came to ask me if I wanted to work with her and her friend, and I said yes, it was a lot of help working with them because I didn't understand anything the teacher asked us to do and what the project was about, but they help me a lot to understand everything and to learn a little more English and to develop my self. Working with other people it easier than working by yourself. People can get things faster, and more good because more people more ideas. Getting things faster is beneficial, teachers can give students extra credit in their activity or project. Also, students would be able to know how to work in groups in their future job, to make friends, to become more independent, and to be nice. Working with other people would get people to know how other people feel and to get to know more people to become friends. My first day of school I was afraid to not make any friends because I'm not a social person, but them I become friends with a girl name Generic_Name because of a project I was doing with her, and since that day I'm still friends with her. One of the reasons why people like to work in groups is because a lot of people are really nice in many ways. Working in groups is a better idea than working alone because when people work in groups they get more social and to be able to know and to conjugate with other people. Being nice to other people it helps you to make friends and not getting people mad at yourself or dislike yourself and to make things fun and good. When I turn 16 I started working at a restaurant called Generic_Name I was a little scared because it was going to be my first job I didn't know how things were. But when I started I have to be nice to costumers since I was working on the line. But one day I was sad and mad at someone about something they said, but that day I was working in a project with some people, and they started to be nice to me and make me laugh, so my day can get better, so the reason here is that working in groups can be a lot of beneficial because that day it was a really busy day at my job but because of the people on the group I was working with, they made my bad day to a good day. Working in groups is a lot more beneficial than working alone because people can get things done faster, make new friends, and more fun. I really hope our teachers can give us more opportunities to work in groups than to work and do everything alone because it really helps a lot of people to become social and more independent and to develop themselves. 