People who value self-reliance define it as the need for each individual to follow his or her own instincts and ideas. This is reasonable for each individual, and people should make their own decisions in life. We always ran into problems, and sometimes we need to make decisions on our own. When we have the choice and decide to make the differences, it's important to follow our instincts, and we have to take the responsibility to make the good choice. This is how we learn by ourselves. In our daily life, people always ran into problems and get stressed out, for example, the car broke down in the middle of the traffic, failing the test that you've been studying for weeks, your boss fired me today... However, it is our choice to make the right decision and to change it; you could call for help from someone, you can study harder or ask others to help on the school work, and also look into other jobs that you are interested in. There are so many options for everyone to pick and to follow our own instincts and ideas to make everything better. As an adult, soon after high school I will be joining navy and have my own life, to do everything by myself. Everything around me will change completely, I will not have my parents standing beside me to teach me common sense, nor my teachers to teach me about life lessons, nor any of my friends to be there and help me out, this is all about me and my decision to make. If I'm going to learn the hard way, I will have to learn the hard way. Maybe my instincts kick in and help me out, you never know. Making your own judgment is one of the most important survival skills we will have to learn in life, everyone will grow up one day, to have your own family and all the responsibilities, now you are the one who have to decide everything, to have responsibility for not only yourself but you family as well. Instincts will tell you which way your heart goes, and sometimes it might lead you to the wrong path, but don't worry, this is how we are going to learn. Success is not an easy path, it's full of adventure and false on the way to finish. You will experience more fail than you can ever imagine before you achieve the goal, to success it all by yourself is to follow your instincts and ideas. You may have concerns that what if you seek guidance for experts and authorities about life's important matters? Guess what, life is full of adventure, you're never going to know what is coming next and not everyone's life is going to be the same, so seek guidance for experts may work for some people, not all, you may have found a different solution for yourself. All we can do is listen what others advise are, Because you will be the one who make the final decision, and you are responsible to your decision, not anybody's advice or common. Everything is on you and to follow your heart to make things right, or to learn how to judge then choose the right path. No one will change your life unless you let it happen, no one can change your final decision unless you don't follow your instincts and heart. This is why we should make our own decisions, not only to make things right, but also follow your heart and to understand about life's important matters.