I agree with what Winston Churchill said because it is true. Going form failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm can help be successful in the end because you tried and tried again, and it gave you more confidence to go on and try things you haven't done before. When we fail we learn from our mistakes and try again and be successful because failure is actually helping you in the pursuit of success. On the pursuit of success we will have some hard times ahead of us, and does hard time are the mistakes we will end up making and form does mistake come success. For some people when they try new things the only get it once without any mistakes. But for other people it takes the few times before they can get it, that is going from failure to failure. Failure helps thousands of people become successful in life. When you are trying something new, you have to happy about it, and when you fail doing that new thing you should still be happy because it is your first time doing it, and when you fail you always get a second chance to do it again, and when you fail the second time you get another chance, it will keep going until you get it at the end and giving up is not an option. You should always be happy about trying new things. And when you try new thing, and you fail, and you give up strait away you, are not being successful, you are just ruining your life a becoming a failure because you gave up strait away. Once again giving up is not an option in the book of life. Giving up ruins your life. In life there will be challenges coming your way, and you should take those challenges head on and if you fail try again and be successful, because out of those challenges comes a great price that takes you to the next level. Going to the next level is a big thing in life good things start coming your way and more people start to like you because of the challenges you went through and failing helped you become successful at the end of those challenges. I agree with what Winston Churchill said because it can help us in life and in the future.