Based on Emerson's statement, I firmly agree that if you never try to do something beyond what you already know, you will never do something and know if you could have done it or of you were good at it. Based on my experience, for what I've live and for what I know, I strongly believe and agree with this statement. My brother for example wanted to be an engineer, with hard work and effort he made it. In the other hand we have Hitler, he went from being a simple art student to one of the most exponent dictators of Germany. For example, my brother wanted to be an engineer since he was little, at the time he reaches High school, he was sure what career he wanted for his future. He started taking courses that would help him get credits for college and getting involve with sports that would help him get scholarships. Also, he took classes that would help him improve his skills and understanding of his future career. Now with hard work and effort, he graduated as an engineer from Generic_school, and he's happily working with his dream job. This shows that with hard work you can accomplish any goal and letting yourself grow. Another example was Hitler, he went from being a simple art student to one of the most exponent dictators of Germany. At a young age Hitler had a dream, he wanted to study arts, he started working on it, but when he applies to college he wasn't accepted. That was the moment when Hitler decided to do something different, and experience something new that could change his life. With hard work and patience he did it. Even though he fails the first time, he didn't give up, therefore, he became a dictator. Some people say that you should do what life gives you at the moment because even if you work hard, sometimes you don't reach what you were hoping for and the work is not even worth it, however, you should always try to do something to grow because if you don't, that's when life gets too bored, you don't have to be in the same spot your entire life. You need to let yourself expand and fly to grow and experience something beyond what you already know, something that will make proud at the end of the day. In conclusion, I agree with Emerson's statement that if you never try to do something beyond what you already know, you will never grow and never have experience something out of your comfort zone. You'll never know if what you could have done was worth your time, which is why you should always try to something beyond what you have already master and challenge yourself to do bigger things that you never knew you could. 