Part of growing in this life is having the right type of mindset and skill you want for yourself only. The things I have learned in today's day is probably not really achievable because people give up to easy and think it's hard to fix cars. I like to build and take apart engines or even add parts to get more potential out of any car I purchase. I love to race cars and also flip my money too. That all takes skill, but you don't learn if your not taught in life.Likewise, myself, for 11 years my father taught me how to use his tools and fix little things on any car he had at the moment. We would sell them and flip the money because we'd be the ones fixing them up a bit. When I got my very first car it had no motor in it and bought it for six hundred dollars. I myself bought the motor for a thousand and installed the whole thing by myself but yet with the right tools it was then worth five thousand because of how many miles the engine was and how clean the interior and exterior was. I would always be careful though when it came to turbo the engines. You'd need to hook a special computer on it to tune the computer of the engine, so it doesn't blow up on you. I'd love to race and compete against other peoples builds for money on the track. The best part of mastering this skill is that I will never need a mechanic to fix my own car again. Another skill I have become perfect at is gaming and playing the franchise called Call of Duty. These types of games are shooter games, and it all depends on how fast your sensitivity is and how fast you can react to whatever is happening in the game. When it comes to gaming I like to post videos online of how good I am because I can also get paid through how many people watch my videos. Some people like the entertainment but more like to see how fast the reactions I have. That type of skill has helped me so much in life because it has always helped me make the right decisions when I am driving on the road even in school it has helped me remember and react a little faster than others in class. This skill improves every day because it's affected my everyday life. Through this I've mastered to actually get through everyday life without having such stress because I am always prepared to react and decide what is good for me. All in all I agree with Ralph Waldo he is right without trying something new you won't grow at all. The human brain is mean't to be expanded and stretched like a muscle to learn new things like playing a sport, remembering equations in physics and solving over and over again and still getting logical answers, to be good at something takes practice, but to master whatever you want to master takes brilliance. 