If you ask people "When are you feeling happy?". Most of them can respond that they feel happy in some kind when they are successful, with a less of problems and failures. But what are in the another side of this success? How people get this success? Nobody can't tell whole way of getting successful. But why? Everyone went a hard, full of pitfall way. It wasn't easy, it was hard when you tried to achieve one's goal. Successful people hadn't easy way of getting successful. Failure is in some kind examination, challenge for us when we are trying to stay successful. Successful people must pass all kind of failure examination that to show that they are strong, sturdy, and patient. Success doesn't like weak and whiner people. For example, famous people like musicians and composers: Bach, Mozart, Beethoven; writers like Shakespeare, Stendhal, Tolstoy, and Pushkin; scientist like Einstein and Tesla. They all are famous now, because in their time they had goal: be successful and do those things that they are like to do by their soul and heart. They had failures and opponents, peoples who just only hate and envy them. And now you're just can only imagine on how much those people were full of enthusiasm and nation that we know about them now, in our time. They are examples of successful people for us now. Nobody of famous and successful people don't tell you that it was a easy way of stay successful. Because it is true. And everyone has different failures; you can't feel those failures like feels this person by itself. And nobody can't tell you that the way to stay success will be easy. It is a very big number of people, who pray to achieve their goal, but with the first failures they just stopped and go back, they lost their enthusiasm. And this people just need to be pushed with someone with the words "Hey! What's happen? This is all that you can show? Other people have more failures than you, you must go forward! You mustn't to be afraid to see with your eyes your failure. You must be strong." And I think they can find some strength. There are a lot of different meetings, conferences, and seminars with a successful and famous in some way people. There you can hear more good things that can help you to improve, to achieve your goal and stay successful. But you can't hear all the failure that would be connected personal with you, and on how much it can be hard, that you still have enthusiasm that help you to solve your problems and improve. When you stay on the way to achieve your goal, because of the failures you can forget why you do all these things, you need to remember all the good things you now that will be when you achieve your goal and stay, at first, success for yourself. With a failure you stay more self-controlled, and grew up more inside you, stay more confident in your deed. In our life we stay successful with every day for ourselves too. We have some small and big goals that we want to achieve. Our life is the way to stay successful. We are achieved our goals for stay successful in the school, in the college or university, in the sport, and on the work. To stay successful it is not a easy way with a failure that pursuit us. But we need to remember for what we stay on this way, way to stay successful.