Think about the benefits of working with group or alone. Well for me working with group is better. The other day I was working with a group on some geometry work in my math class. It was actually very helpful and successful. Everyone in the group was able to understand the new topic. We started talking about it and help each other understanding it. Group working is so much better than working alone. Working in a group is great because they can help you out. And you can help them out. It is way better than working alone. They can help you understand and explain it to you more how they understand it. You can work on class assignment with your group. You can ask them to help you if you are struggling. They will try to make you understand if they can. They can tell you the wrong and help you correct it. The second, reason why working in group is better. You are doing a class activity it's more fun if you work with a group. You can work faster and better with a group on an activity. If you are working alone on an activity, and you feel it is boring. You might take a lot of time to finish because it is boring. And if you don't know what to do because you were not paying attention you group should know and tell you what you need to do. Another reason, why working with someone's else it's better. Sometimes student don't like the teacher for some reasons, and they will prefer to not ask the teacher for help. Some students rather ask their friends for help. Students may feel more comfortable asking their classmates and not the teacher. Sometimes students don't really understand the teacher very well. Just because of the way she or he teaches. Most student find that is okay and don't let the teacher know that. Because they are not very comfortable with the teacher. Final, that was my opinion on the benefits of working with a group or working alone. For me, I can work with any group and without distracting the other people in the class. And I actually like working in group because it's fun. Working in a group it's easier to do the class assignment and take less time. I enjoy working with friends because we can talk about other things to and get to know more people. It's always nice meeting new people and getting to know them. And if they are from different country or different culture. It is clear for me, I would work with a group than working alone.