I believe that students should not have to commit to a career at a young age because they will not take the career serious they will take it as a joke. In addition, they are young they do not know what is to have such a big responsibility. Students that are just to enter high school do not really know how hard they are going to have to work to be good in the career they would have selected. First students do not really know what they have a passion for, they should not have to commit to a career they do not know if they are going to like after a while in the career. Students should be able to really think about what they like and what interest them about a career before having just get in to it. A career is something you have to think before you get into a specific career because later on you might want to change the career your in right now. At a young age kids do not really have a clue on what they really like or have an interest career wise. Kids that are young do not really think in careers they mostly think on being with their friends and going out to have fun. Also, students should not have to be forced to be in a career they do not like that's why they should have time to think on what they like and what they do not like. Next students are still young to know what career to get in to they should be forced to figure it out so quickly they should get more time to really think on it. In most situations kids change there minds and decide that the career they got in to does not favor them, and they want to change the career. We do not really know what we really like until like the end of the year of high school I believe because at that time we are more matured. A career is something to take serious because in the future that would be where you will be working and if you do not like that will not be a pleasant job to work at. You be able to like the career you chose because if not you will not enjoy being in the career. Should enjoy the career you pick because it gives you passion and strength to keep getting up from bed and get ready to go to school to study that career.Finally, some students at a young age that are just about to enter high school do not pay enough attention to school or the career they are studying. In high school a lot of kids change and not for good they make bad decision and totally forget why they go to school for. They go to school to create a future for themselves to be able to have a better life not all kids think like that until something wrong happens. If they do not pay attention or take it serious they will not succeed in the career as well in life because they will not be able to get a good job. Some students in high school do not really think about it, but the reason why they go to school to better there lives in the future. If we did not have schools that give you the opportunity to study a career I wonder where would we be would we have good jobs that pays good enough money. In conclusion, I do not think is a good Idea for students should commit to a career in at a young age. Kids that are still young do not really think about careers or what they can do with the career they study. It is a case of kids that take things seriously not all kids take everything serious and talking about school and careers that is a problem. That means that they do not want a better life or to better themselves they do not want the help.  