A single persons actions can change how other people act. Albert Schweitzer, a philosopher said, "Example is not the main thing in influencing others; it is the only thing". I agree with his statement and believe it as true, as most people look up to and copy whoever is currently popular on social media. People also like to follow the example of what they are taught, by parents or teachers. In this essay, I'll be talking about how setting an example for others is the best way to influence others into doing something.First, Watching someone do something that interests you could influence you into doing the same. For example: if you like food, and you watch someone cook, it could possibly persuade you into making your own food. Most of the time, people would not do something without being influenced or persuaded by someone else. Take Ruling for example, most kids would never do such a thing unless being persuaded or peer pressured by their friends. Secondly, Teaching someone to do good by an example is also good, as it sets them down a good path, just as most parents do. A person cant do something they were never taught or ever learned, so they look to other people who can do things; and look up to them. Only by setting an example can others follow. Much like a pack of wolves, the leader sets an example and rest follow it. It could be argued that a speech or something of the sort could also influence people, such as Martin Luther King Jr's "I Have A Dream" speech. In the past that might have been the best way to influence people, but in modern day society a majority of people are influenced by action and examples. Otherwise, why would kids be doing these "Challenges" that you hear on the news every other day? In conclusion, Examples are the best and most effective way to influence others into doing things. By setting examples, people are influenced into doing all sorts of things. Whether they are good or bad is completely subjective and depends on what the person is influenced into doing.  