Many schools have partnerships with companies that allows students to explore certain occupations through internships and shadowing opportunities to discover whether they are interested in pursuing that type of employment. To get the job you like makes it more interesting. I would like to be selected to get the job that I am interested in because I want to get the experience and improve my skills to become an expert of it. Dear Mr. Manager, I heard that you are selecting students to give them the opportunity to work in your company to gain experience, and to see if that job interests them. I want to be one of them, and to see if I am able to do the job the way it should be done. This opportunity can give me the chance to get more experience and to see if the job is interesting for me. I can make sure that if I get the job I will learn more about it. For example, Generic_Name, a smart student in my biology class was always wanted to work in a science department and to be a biology teacher in the future. Last year she got the chance to work with Generic_City Biology and Science department. After a while she gives up and didn't continue to her job anymore. The reason that she left the job was that she didn't find it easy and interesting. This chance helped her a lot to select a better option and choose something new. She is happy about it, because she got experience and that was a golden chance for her to see if she is good at science subjects and that changed her mind not to become a biology teacher. Furthermore, I can add that getting the job that you like gives you more positive energy towards it and makes you work hard for it to achieve your goal. We can't improve our skills until we don't try something new. Improvements always comes from doing something if we set goals to improve our skills definitely we will achieve it. Every job and activity we do we must have some good skills in it, or if we don't, we can work on it to improve it. For example, my brother loved to work within companies, he is good at repairing laptops and mobiles. He was studying Cisco and switch repairing at Sterling IT institute. He was doing good in his class, but for improving his skills and to see if he had learned something he needed to get a job. Furthermore, he started making labs at home with his classmates and was looking for a job. After he was approved by one of Cisco companies, he started improving his career and working hard to learn more every day. After a year, besides that he is studying, he is now serving as a substitute in his institute. It's all because he has more experience and worked on his skills. Furthermore, I can say that having skill and talent can give us more motivation and helps us improve more every day. In conclusion, I can say that getting involve in such programs and company jobs helps students to choose their career and gives them the opportunity to see if they really want that job or are they ready for the career that they are dreaming for.  