Have you ever thought about how many people are "success by going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm?." These are the words that British Minister Winston Churchill once said, and I am totally agreed with him, to failure without loss of enthusiasm will create a person with experience and knowledge. OnceI fail one time people think that I am a losses, but I see it in different way because I learned what did wrong in the first place, and I can fix the problem to make it perfect the second time. Moreover, every single mistake that I make give the opportunity to be success in life, SOI will never give up for any reason. This reminds a few years ago when I was in nine grade when my class took a test and I could not do it, so my teacher involve him self to make it try again as mush as I want it, so I decided to try the second time and still fail, for the first time in my life was going to give up, until my mom told me if you never fail and keep trying you are different from others. Hardly, but I decided to try again and this time the third time I knew every single question and at the end I was the kid with the best score in class. If you ever thought about giving up with your first mistake you're wrong or because you fail one time you will never be successful, keep trying until you overcome every single obstacle. Many people that are simply of knowledge and success now were failure once. The important role that failure play in pursuit of success. Failure show what kind of people I am and from where I'm coming, what makes me special and different from others. On the other hand, people might say once you fail you will keep failing for the rest of your life or that I will never be successful person, but all what people says can use it to improve my self. To resume, what the Former British Prime Minister Winston Churchill once said" success consist of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm."? Its absolutely true, if one day you want to be successful person you have to learn that there will be mistakes and fails no once, twices or maybe more times, but do not losing enthusiasm will keep you in right way. Failure give knowledge and a better change to improve yourself. 