First technology has helped people in many ways to do various sort of things when people are in need of something. When technology was first introduced many people didn't know how it could be used to help save lives or help build buildings, schools,malls everything that we have today is because of how beneficial technology is to us. The lack of human contact is not using technology too, much its by the person who chooses to use his or hers cellphone, computer and television while technology takes an important positive impact in peoples lives it also helps save peoples lives. For example in hospitals technology evolves every year so that when people come in very sick it helps them by detecting what they have or what's going on with an accurate solution.However, people may say that technology has negative effects on people because it removes there social skills and the way people interact with each other because in older generations there was a lack of technology and people would communicate with others when they were in need of something. In contrast, humans also have a choice to check out books, shop and play games without human contact. Many people still go out and shop in stores many also enjoy going to the library to check out books even though we can't go to blockbuster and check out movies any more we can always go watch one in a movie theater. Technology has come a long way from its past, and it continues to progress and evolve every year we move up as we continue to progress the future might be filled with just technology. The way I use technology are in many ways I put an alarm to wake me up I also use my computer when I'm doing homework or projects that I need to finish its also useful when I'm stuck or don't know what something means so I use my phone and search it up online to find the meaning of a word or subject. In my opinion I think its very helpful and positive to my life it has helped me in many ways, and it gets me through also in school activities i don't think it has impacted me to a negative side because going to go play soccer or doing something else has not stopped me from socializing with others around me. In conclusion technology can be very helpful or in some ways bad for peoples lives I think that technology no matter what will just get better and help many others just like it has helped me.  