In the modern times kids want to stay out late until 2-3 in the morning, but it is not safe for kids to be staying out that late. Especially, teenagers now days get more in trouble late at night because they do illegal things. Often times teens go to parties and drink underage which is bad for their health. Usually, curfew keeps teenagers out of trouble because, if there were no curfew teens would stay out late, do illegal stuff, and get them self in deep trouble. Teenagers would be in trouble and also in danger if they don't follow the curfew. It is dangerous for teens to stay out late because the world we live in now is not as safe as we think it is. There has been a lot of kidnappings and sex trafficking happening in the United States it is best for teenagers to stay home past curfew. If they want to go out somewhere past the curfew then they always have a choice to go with their parents. Usually, most teens don't have a license, so they would Uber their way to wherever their destination is and Bering at night is dangerous because, teens can get kidnap or anything bad can happen to them, so that staying out after curfew could get teens in trouble and in danger. If teenagers start to stay out after the curfew technically they would be breaking the law. They can get in a lot of trouble from their parents and the police for breaking the law. Teens tend to go to parties a lot, and they drink underage which can get them in trouble with the law, and also it is bad for their health. Another example why teenagers shouldn't be out after curfew is because, most teenagers when they go to parties they smoke which is awful for their health. The parties they go to are sometimes on weekdays, and it ends around 2-3 in the morning which is way past the curfew. If the teens come home that late at night they won't be able to get proper sleep because, they have school so getting less than 5 hours of sleep is not good for teenagers health at all. It is best for teenagers to stay home after curfew and get a good night sleep. Now days teenagers don't spent so much time with their parents. The curfew could help their parents spend some extra time with their kids. If the teenagers wants to hang out past curfew they can always go to their friends house or their friends could come to their house with their parents permission, and they can hang out and be safe at the same time. Staying after curfew would definitely keep teenagers out of danger and trouble. Teens can also have extra time to their homework. It is best for teenagers to stay home past curfew for their own safety. All the reasons that are above is only because, so it shows what would happen if the teens don't follow the curfew. If the city council wants to keep the kids safe, healthy, and out of danger they should definitely have the curfew. The best way to keep the kids safe is to make them follow the curfew for their own safety. The curfew is there for the protection of the teenagers.