Does the success consist of going through failure? Yes, I agree with this quote. As we all know been successful is not easy. Some people say that hard things make hard soldiers; Therefore, failure is part of the success, but that does not make it easy for us; Why? Because no one likes the idea of suffer in order to be successful in life. As a matter of facts; Failure help us to become who we really want to be or who we are supposed to be, but no all of us get the chance to feel successful or not even see any progress; yet some people choose to give up, instead of fight for a better life; A life with success. But do we lost enthusiasm during our way to success? Yes we do! It is OK to loss enthusiasm in our way to success; that is showing everybody else, and you as well that we are humans, and we can get tire sometimes; But what is not OK is to give up, because you will show everybody that you are weak. By showing us how difficult life can get, and tough us that you are the only one who choose to continue or to give up in your life; Oprah Winfred would be a great overcoming example. Oprah had suffered a lot since she was a child; yet she decided to continue with her life. Even though it was not easy to act like nothing happened, but she knew what king of person she wanted to be. Therefore, she decided to fight for those things she always wanted; instead of been crying all her life. Do not doubt that the sky is the limit even for the suffering. Oprah was a determinate woman; a woman who wanted to be successful. Yet everybody else was saying that she would not be able to accomplish what she wanted; instead of supporting her they were feeling sorry for her, and not doing anything. Therefore, she became stronger than she had ever been, and now she is showing as that even after everything she has been through you can smile with placer and success. On the other hand we have immigrants; those people who fight day by day to get no even what they want, but what they need. As an immigrant; success is the biggest word we all are working to accomplish, some people do not even believe they can accomplish more than what they have accomplished already; Even though everything we have accomplished until this day is because of failure; because each morning we decided to go out a fight to get something else than just failure. Eugenio Served is an example of overcoming in a different country, language, and culture. He is an inspire person for immigrant people in the USA. Eugenio has been proving us that dreams can come true. He showed us that everything is possible, you just need to believe in yourself, and trust that you are capable of so much more. Even though some people could be selfish even in your own family; Instead of been worry about others opinion worry about your future; so one day you can be successful, too. Finally, in my experience I have fail so many times; but I am sure that any of those times I have fail will not stop me from what I want to do or who I want to be. Somehow my family does not have faith in me; and even though that if I fail I have no one to support me; I am afraid. However, I know that I am capable of so much more, and I will fight until the end of this. Also, I always wanted to show everyone that they were wrong about me that I am capable as everyone else. Yet everybody was judging me, I decided to teach myself how do become a better version of me. I will continue fighting for myself. As you should do! In conclusion, in order to success we have to go from failure to failure. As I was said before; there are so many people that have been showing us that everything is possible. Instead of been afraid for our mistakes we need to learn from them, so we can success in our life. Therefore, we have to think about the future that we want and start working on it, so we can be the people we want to be; the people our parents want us to be. By fighting this battles day by day we are not just creating a better country for ourselves, but a better country for our families. Remember that hard battles make hard soldiers.  