Ever since I started school I never liked the school lunch, I would always go the whole day without eating, and I wouldn't take a snack or anything, so it could sustain in my stomach. Most kids at my school don't like the school lunch either, because they either think it last weird or just they are just picky about what they eat. Normally, when I would go almost a whole day without eating my head would hurt or stomach and I know most teenagers in my school can relate also because they prefer to starve and not eat the food that the school serves. In my opinion. I believe that changing the schools lunch menu and making it healthier is a good idea because kids would enjoy the food, parents would not complain about their kids not eating in school, and it would be a great advantage to improve the school lunch. Most kids think that the school lunch is not very appetizing, but if the school cafeteria decides to change the school menu it would make a huge difference because I know that most kids especially teenagers are very picky about their food or that it's disgusting. When I was younger I wouldn't eat at school and until this day I don't because i didn't like and I would always have stomach aches, and my head would hurt a lot, and i wasn't able to concentrate in class. Most kids think that it's not necessary for the school cafeteria to change the menu but in reality most kids don't eat at school due the type of food they serve. Sometimes even the parents say something to their kids because they don't eat in school. When I would go to middle school and the beginning of high school my parents would always wonder why I would'NT eat at school, they got to a point where they thought I was depressed and I would always get yelled at because they thought something was wrong with me when in reality i just didn't like the school lunch. I understand why most kids don't like the school food because either it doesn't have flavor or it just doesn't taste the same as before, and also sometimes the food would make me feel sick from the stomach afterwards. Parents main concern is if their kids eat or not. I believe that by changing the menu it would much better for parents to stop worrying about why their kids about why they don't like to eat at school. My parents especially my mom would barely have time to make me something, for example, she didn't have time to make me a snack or something real quick, so I could have taken it to school when I was in elementary school, she would always tell me that she didn't have time that she was always in a rush and that's why sometimes I wouldn't eat. My mom almost went to put complain about the school food and that she wondered if I was the only one that wouldn't eat in school. I believe that if the school cafeteria has an advantage to change the school cafeteria food because they should think about why parents worry about their kids not eating and also parents putting complaint of why their children don't eat at school. In my honest opinion I think that they should change the menu because when I don't well or i don't eat at all it is hard for me to concentrate in class and that is a huge priority to pay attention in class and try to get good grades. If the school cafeteria plans to change the cafeteria food it would be really great because more kids will be able to concentrate. When I was in freshman a sophomore year I would always skip to go eat because I could'NT eat the school food, I think that kids nowadays do the same thing just so they won't starve. In my honest opinion i believe that changing the school food would be a great idea because most kids don't concentrate in class, parents worry about their kids, and also they would make a great impact on the school.  