We need the to stay active to accomplish the important matters people need to work on and being inactivity the amount of energy people spend in the day means that sleep is the best way to go for. Being active has a grate purse in life. When people are active and awake, there aware of the surroundings. People wake up from the night sleep they had and having breakfast, getting ready for work, or heading out to the gym. But inactivity is a good too. In the of the day people sleep in the night or morning. Also, many people need some rest to keep the same energy they had yesterday in the morning or night. The best part when someone or yourself is active they can accomplish so many things. Having the good energy you can finish the work that is needed to be done at work or at home. Feeling about yourself of finishing your work or task is the bets feeling ever. There also many things to do beside work, walk around the park, have an outing with your friend, even finish reading the book that you like. At the end of the day all what you need to do is go to sleep for the next day. To have the same energy you just need some rest let the body relax to get the same energy, just like batter of your phone when charging. Having a good night rest is good for the body, your body needs the energy to work and have a good system. When you don't have rest the body is slow, you're moody. Also, not focused on the things you're doing. Sometimes you can't finish thing on time cause the brain is needs to rest, so you can focus on your work. It's dangerous if your out driving in the night, pull the car over rest a little a bite before heading the road. You can forget things much faster to form the lack of rest the brain has. In all, yes it is both bad and good to stay active or inactivity. They have pros and cons to where can finish your work when your well rested or if not your behind work. It can also effect your health in a bad way to wear you forget about things faster and to the point your behavior changes quickly. When rested you do many activities to do from walking around the park to head out with friends. But at the end of the day everyone needs to rest will and stay active around there surroundings for the daily life a head of them.  