I agree to take guides about careers because, I think that the students include to me, we want to have a specific career guide when, we enter to high school because when we will go to collage, we have to be prepared with ideas, how is the career that we want to take, and the students has to be ready with knowledge with his own careers. The first reason, I say that because the students will be more excite to came to the school, they will say, I like to go to school because, I practice something that I love. I think that the schools need to change to give the student to choose, what they want to know, I'm not talking about the classes, I'm talking about careers guides. I know we have young age, but we want to be something our life, we have the goals to work in something, we love. The school's need give the opportunity to prepare the students. If the school's have guide careers or activities of work the students, they will enjoy that. The seconds reasons are personal but, I see that almost the all people of my country when they come here, and they have the opportunity to study but, when they end from the high school they stay in the same thing working in not good jobs earning 14 dollars per hours and some people say now that the diploma from high school is nothing to their. Some people go to school because it's something legal, if they're not going, I think they will put more interest to the study if they have the opportunity to study what they want to be when they are more older. These is examples from others people too. The students dream that the school have something similar from college. Some people tell me that when I end from high school, I will work in the same jobs, maybe I think the same because my family don't have the money but if the school's have something of academic's to know about the jobs, maybe the academic is not free but, is more cheaper than college or the school's have something that we can know about the jobs. Maybe the all student is not rich's but the only thing they want is work what they want. Everyone enjoys doing the thing what they love with the heart. I lucky to be in this school because the school give the opportunity to some students go to tech. That's what I know about the guide careers, the student want knowledge from when they're in high school.