When a problem occurs, do you try your best or do you simply not care? Problems are a common thing and happens to everyone, the real deal comes to how you will respond to it. An example to a problem is that you have a scholarship to a great university that is far away, but your family needs you to stay close and help them. Some things may seem impossible to fix, but hard times bring the best out of you, you'll try hard to fix it. There are both big and small problems, but a problem is a problem you can't prevent them from happening. You learn from your mistakes to do better, and you always try what's best for you, it may lead to a better path, as Duke Ellington said "a problem is a chance for you to do your best." Problems happen to everyone, the real deal comes to how you will respond to it. Many people take their time when they deal with something troubling, they all have their different strategies too. They all have one thing in common they do what they think is best for them. They try to see if it will help them and what they could use to an advantage to be better. You would never do something to hurt yourself on purpose, you will need to think things through to see the outcome. Sometimes things do not turn out how you want to be, and you learn more about the things you will do to make things easier. There are times that problems involve more than one person, and won't affect you only but others as well. It can be friends, or family, it could even involve people you don't know. An example is that you got a great scholarship to the university of your dreams, but your family doesn't want you going far away and need your help. Your education is at risk, but your family needs your help. You'll have to see what outcome there is to both of the situations and what is better for your future. Not all problems have an easy choice, but they bring out the best in you and help will help you in some way, they build your character. Some problems may seem impossible to fix, but hard times bring the best out of you, and you'll try to fix it. There are problems that make it seem that you can't handle it alone. There are people that can help you, you're never alone. Even if you try your best it may not be how you want it to be, there are others who will help guide you, to have a good outcome. All you need to do is stay focus and look forward, so that you can keep your head up. You never have to do anything alone, you might need the help of others, and it's okay to do so. There are both big and small problems, but a problem is a problem you can't prevent them from happening. It happens to the best people and there is no way to stop problems from coming. It doesn't matter the size of a problem, you should never underestimate them. You have to try your best when a problem presents, sometimes what seems right can turn out very wrong. You need to think if others will be effected, you can't just ignore a problem sometimes it could become bigger. It is also a chance that you could show others that you know what you are doing, after analyzing a problem you do what is best. You learn from your mistakes to do better, and you always try what's best for you, it may lead to a better path, as Duke Ellington said "a problem is a chance for you to do your best." No matter what you should always try your best, not only when a problem comes up. We should show our best when problems come up due to the fact that sometimes there are problems that can put you in danger or hurt you. You can't prevent problems from happening, but you can have less you do things correct the first time around. Some of these things will teach you lessons, maybe you did the wrong thing, but you'll be wiser and know better. Everyone goes through something, tough problems can happen to anyone you just need to keep your head up and do what is right.