Should we accomplish more if we are always doing something? People who works will get us new technology like, car's radio, TV. If people that don't work on something they will not get technology as fast as we can. Technology need to be work on and improve them. Technology that can give job's and give people a way of living. If more people are doing something it will change how we live improve life's and give change around the world. The thing's that change over time are computer, TV and radio. We used these items a day by day base's. If are to accomplish more if we're always doing something like the radio. The radio was one of big step's on time. The people that work on the radio when came out was hard for them to get the right setting. That was the big accomplish for the worker, and it was poplar when it came out to the people. In the time radio grow and improve because of people are accomplish more of the work to improve them self. That led us to getting to the first TV it was a big thing doing that time. The people that have the determines to work on the radio that led us to improve the internment job's it give a more working job's. The first TV was a big thing it was able to give sound unlike the movie that time and ti give people something to see on the screen. That got people to work for them and there determine to get one TV was high. People will work harder to active more of what they what. People that work on TV have a determined to improve what they got. It was first time the elections was on TV that everyone that had a TV could which it sees who are they voting for. The people that work more on the TV are determined to get the TV to work and get to people to buy there good's this will lead to computers. The first computers was made with no sound it was a computer with programming on it thy used it as a basic. The people who what to improve them to have the idea to give more people to buy the computer. People who work on this give what they what in the computer. At the end we are able to tack test like the sol and more.