I believe that we have to work for our goals, and also we have to focus on what we want in our life. And that is true that we accomplish more if we are always doing something, because we maintain our mind occupied in our goals or what we want to be, we could accomplish more things if we focus on our goals and don't waste our time doing other stuff. For example: In our school we can do awesome things with hard work or if we try to concentrate just in our goals. That is got good grade, and graduate and if we keep doing good job in school we can accomplish many great things. Like if we get a good career we can get good money, and we can enjoy life because we are doing the things that we like not just a simple job. Another example: Once we decide what our goal is we maintain our mind occupied in our goal and work hard to get there, or to accomplish that we really want, and not matter how hard it is we can do it. Because it what we want to be, is what we like, and also is to get a good future and a good life, like if we get a good job we can get good money, and we don't have to worried about that and just enjoy life and try to work hard every day. Another reason that why I think we have to maintain our self doing something we like. Is because we can get trouble to accomplish want we want. Like we can do drugs and drink alcohol and all that kind of stuff and I think that is bad for our life because that interrupt our way, and we get distracted and loss our path and our faith for our self because for just one mistake we can lose all the think that we had worked for. And I think we have to focus if we really what to be a professional person of if we want to be someone in the future. In the other hand other people think that inactivity also serve a purpose like we can live our life no matter if we do something, or not like if we don't work hard for our goals it's fine, and some people say that what happen in your life is for a reason or like is your destiny. But I think that they are wrong because we can decide what we're going to be in our life, that's why God left us the free will to have the opportunity to choose what we're going to fight for, and make a decision that going to help us to accomplish whatever we want in this life. In conclusion, I believe that we can accomplish many awesome and great things if we work hard for our goals and maintain our mind doing something good and something that we love like in our jobs, our school, our career etc. also if we maintain our mind occupied in something productive at the same we win something because its help our life, and also we have to be careful to don't get distracted for others bad things like drugs, alcohol etc. I believe we have to take care to our life like a treasure because this life is what God give us, and we have to be careful the decision we take and if we get wrong we can learn from our mistake, and I think is wonderful how much may be done if we are doing something that we like. 