A positive attitude is the key to success in life because it can lead you to having a good job, being well respected by others, having others look up to you, and you should never give up on yourself. Many people have positive attitudes because it can have a good outcome in the long run and help them in their future. Personally I think that having a good attitude can take you far in life. Remaining positive is really the key to accomplishing your goals. I used to be the type of person who wouldn't really have a good attitude because I was usually afraid of what people would say, or I would fear that they would disrespect me because I wouldn't have my guard up. Over the years I learned to manage a good attitude no matter what the situation may be because you never know what someone may be going through, and you wouldn't want to treat them even worse than what they are going through. I used to work at Chipotle and having that job taught me to have patience and also maintain a good attitude towards other people, even if they didn't deserve to be treated good. The reason I said it's taught me to be better is because I experienced a customer who was being really racists, although I didn't want to be respectful, and I wanted to lash out I thought to myself that I needed to be the grown person and just try my best to ignore their comments and keep going on with my day because having a negative attitude can result to deeper problems and the outcome wouldn't have been the best. My mom is the person who's always told me to treat others the same way you would like to be treated and ever since I've always kept that in mind and tried my best to remain positive. I try my best to a good role model with positive intentions because I know my younger siblings are looking up to me and I don't want to be the person who fails them. Most jobs would require for you to have a positive attitude because of the way their industry may work. The reasons why they would want someone who has a good attitude is because they have to interact with people, set an example for future employers, and also to satisfy the customers. If your boss were to see what a good worker you are, and they see how you manage certain situations they could even give you a raise because they can see the dedication you have for the job. Although at jobs sometimes it can be hard to remain positive because of the situations some customers or even coworkers put you in, but I personally sometimes think as individuals we need to put out pride aside and be the bigger person and resolve the issues or just walk away without adding more problems. For some jobs you really have to face hard obstacles, and it could get tiring, and you would just want to give up, but people should always remember that all the hard work you're doing now will be worth it in the end, and they would be able to see their accomplishments. Finally, I think school is the hardest place to remain positive because it brings so much stress to certain people that they don't know how to cope with it. I personally experience this because I am not the best in school, and sometimes I just ask myself"what is the point of doing all this?". I usually tend to give up when my classes get too stressful for me and I end up failing my class, I try my best to think of the good outcome it will bring me, but sometimes I just feel like giving up because I don't think I will be someone big in the world and that is the worst mindset someone can have because as humans we all make mistakes, but we should always think that we can better ourselves, if we only think negative then our situations may end up worse. The best way for you to remain positive is to remind yourself the reason why you are doing it and to show appreciation to those who never gave up on you even when you gave up on yourself. I think that I need to remain positive, so I can prove to those who doubted me wrong, and I can show them that I am capable of doing good even without their help because in the end the only person you truly have is yourself. Most importantly, I need to prove to myself that if I continue being positive then I will graduate and I will accomplish my goals all because I had a positive attitude rather than a negative attitude and bringing myself down. As an example right now I don't think I did good on this essay but I'm going to be thinking that I tried my best and if anything I could always try again until I get it right. In conclusion as individuals we should always remain positive and keep trying our best because in the end it will all be worth it, even if it takes days, months, or even years. I know sometimes all someone does is think negative, and it can put them in a really low place in life, but they should always know to never give up. Sometimes life can get too stressful and there's no positive thinking involved, but I really hope that everyone can think positive in certain situations and that they can continue to live happily and see that every obstacle they went through will be worth it. To be successful in life you have to keep trying until you get it right, and you acknowledge those situations, and you have the mindset that you can really accomplish thing if you put your mind and attitude first.