Working with a group has more benefits than working alone because with a group you can all help each other and learn new things, also so people can be more social, and you can get the work done faster and as there can be some pressure. When you work alone it can get very boring, and you may need help with something but also if you are working alone you can work at your own pace. With a group you may be pressured to finish something quicker but your teammates can help you with that. When someone is in a group they can act silly at times and give the teacher or the boss a headache but, when they focus they can get work done faster. Working with a group is not just for the work, it is for people to be social and so people can see how they act around other's. You can learn new things with other people that you did not already know, or you can teach them something but at some point the whole group teaches everyone something new. Working in a group you would probably be pressured to stop being foolish and get your part done but if you have nice teammates then someone can help you with your part. Some people, prefer to work alone because they do not like to be pressured for no reason but in some occasions those people are the one's to turn in late work or has incorrect information. In a group they correct you if you did not do something right and help you out if you ask for help and someone can help you because that's what a group is for to help each other learn new things. If a due date is coming up there can be so much pressure because maybe you have not even done your part, or you are just lazy to do it some teammates start to get mad at you, and you do not know what to do. Learning new things can be fun with a group because you might not be shy to ask questions, so you learn new things and maybe someone else from your group learn that same thing as you. If the group learns something new then they can use that thing in the future when they work alone or with a different group. Helping each other is one of the easiest way to get done with something but working alone you may take longer because you have to search up things and sometimes they do not know where to start. Teachers put students in a group to see how they act around each other like if they act goofy or if they do not have self-control. When working with a group there has to be self-control because if the group is just being goofy then they would not get work done, and they can get a bad grade and not work together in that class ever again. The teachers see how the students act, and they see who should be with who and who should not be with someone. Working alone the teachers know that it will be quite, and they would not know how the students act with friends around or a group. Working together is way better than working alone because you become more social and not so much of a shy person. A group can also help you focus and have a good time all at once, also they can help with having a good grade in that class because they helped you a lot. Students learn new things when they're working with people, and they might not be so shy. Working in a group has more benefits than working alone because working alone you have to do everything on your own and with a group they can all help.