In my opinion, most of the students are finish with their course class already by their junior year. Therefore, I think that having the program in our high school can benefit us. Some ways that it can benefit us by preparing us to go to college, it gives us more time to be with our family during the weekday, and it gives us time to work. Preparing for college, can be very emotional and physically exhausted. Some reason is that we are working on which college we want to study or does your "GPA" is sufficient good that any college will accept us. One example I have about getting ready to go to college is that once upon a time, my big brother was going to college and his GPA was 2.9 he was so anxious because he couldn't get to any if the colleges that he really wanted to go to. He kept searching for colleges that offered a basketball course, and he had found out that our school had a program for basketball. As soon as he found out he signed up and was accepted real quick. Another reason, on which it's good to have programs in our school is that we can actually spend more time with our family because we will be able to be at our house earlier. One time I was at school and my sister was in the hospital, but I could not be at the hospital with her because I had three sols that week. Every day when I got out of school she was already asleep and wouldn't wake up until the next morning, she had pneumonia, so we could barely talk a little bit. My point is that if I or my brother had the choice to be in the program we could've been with our sister because we would'e been out at 1:30pm. My last reason, is that having a program also helps us to have more time in the afternoon to work and help our family with families with their bills and their needs. We can also, save money for our college and for our selves too. In my opinion, we have to work hard to get what we want, and what ever is that we are working for, will come with lots of blessings. In conclusion, we should have a program in our school so that we can grow more than professionals and have more responsibilities. We can prepare for college, be with our family, and work while we are in the program. Also, we can help those who are still in ninth, tenth, or eleventh grade accomplish their goals same way as we did but, we have to be thankful with those who helped us reached our goals. 