TechnologyTechnology does not affect the way how people interact with another. Think about it like this, some people might just make some type of contact with another person and at the same time doing other things such as in checking your information, money status, savings, and many other things more, yet still making human contact with another. Yes I think for some a occasion it would be necessary and really nice to make eye contact and interact with one another, for example when you are at a job interview, or even being the job interviewer. Little things like that I would consider interacting with another. There are many other things that would be important to interact with, especially if it has to do with yourself. Technology itself is good helper now in days. It can help you with anything that you are in need of, that's why I say it's more of a negative and positive for obvious reasons. Technology does not affect people, or the way they are getting taught. Technology is something good for us, helps us keep things more in order, or can hold more information instead of having paper copies all over the place. Technology can be an other way of interacting with other people for example like making a phone call, or a text, or even a video call those are other ways of making contact with one another. that's why for those reasons technology isn't making an effect on us as much. Technology, so this where it could affect us. Well one it could affect if the person doesn't know how to multitask. Two if you can effect you for example with your learning. Three it's going to be hard for you to listen and to keep up with whom you would be talking to. let's just say you apply for job and your stuck on phone texting others about other job opportunity and your interviewer send out your job interview date and because you were stuck on your phone you miss your job interview. That would suck. For those reasons technology would affect. Technology itself is good and bad because there are many good things that you can do, but there are other things that you could miss. Yes they both work good making or not making interactions with or without technology, but I rather have more human contact just because i rather not miss anything.  