In my opinion, I think what Albert Einstein is saying, might be true. I think imagination is like a little world in your mind that only you can control. Imagination is what you want it to be, nobody can control it because it's yours to keep and think about in your mind. I agree with Albert Einstein's quote,"Imagination is more important than knowledge." I agree with this quote because, knowledge is building up in your mind little by little because people are teaching it to you. Even though knowledge is going to be extremely helpful in the career you desire to have, you must have imagination in order to "look" into the future and see yourself doing something good with your life. Einstein was one of the smartest human beings on earth known to man kind. He was the creator of the space and time theories that in my opinion, I like very much. Albert Einstein had to use imagination and knowledge at the same time in order to come up with those theories. He also needed knowledge in order to know what was out there in deep space and to know the truth behind black holes and all that cool\space stuff. Imagination is a real thing. Imagination is better than knowledge because it's there with you forever. Knowledge is taught to you, but what is taught to you, you might forget it in the future. Also, things that you learn in life might not be used in the future or in the career you fore seek to be doing. Even though knowledge is really important to learn, it may go away, or you might not need it in the future career or job you wish to do. Life is full of bad people. If you have ever done something wrong, you might want to "think before you act." If you were to do something without knowing the consequences, you're going to get in trouble. What if bad people that are in jail right now, would've thought of the consequences of committing the crime? Yea, they probably wouldn't of done it. Example, if you wanted to prank a teacher on the last day of school or hitting a school clock, causing it to fall and break, you might want to think before you act. You might also want to "imagine" what would happen to you in the future if you did something wrong. Another good reason is to learn from your mistakes. Since you already did them you're having a good visual of what you might expect to happen to you in the future if you did something wrong without thinking about it. You might also want to have knowledge because if you thought of the consequences and or imagined them, you wouldn't of done it in the first place.