The positive attitude is the key to success in the life, because a person with good attitude good energy always is accepted, a person with positive attitude always is happy, because they believe that everything is possible, that people with good energy they transmit good energy to everyone around they, the positive attitude OS the key to success in here reasons why: More effective in the job, better relationship with family and friends and good life in general. Positive attitude is more effective in the job, because we have to believe in our self for example; Generic_Name is working in a company they have a big project and everybody says This is too much we can't do this all this is wrong but Generic_Name say all is possible in a teamwork, is very effective if all the pieces are good nothing cant be wrong Generic_Name always have good attitude and is that why the boss always say go and ask for help to Generic_Name. A person with positive attitude is a support, for example: Generic_Name have a big problem, but Generic_Name have a friend and her friend is her support, because with somebody is in problems need friends with good energy positive attitude. People with positive attitude always have good friends, because they listen that problems and them say All is going to be fine just wait for the right time. My mom always say Believe in God and be positive. After the rain the calm come. All the people say In the life all have to be positive because if I have to do something and I do my best with my best attitude, I'm going to be fine with the result, because I give everything. For example: Generic_Name want to be part of the marine she loves the Marine, but her parents said is too much difficult is impossible for you abut Generic_Name have positive attitude. The positive attitude is always going to be the key to success in life, because it is the base of everything all the peoples have to believed, is doesn't matter what other people say or do, because in the future the only responsible for the things is going to be you nobody also. In the life that people have to show the better face and smile and say everything is possible, but no only said, that people have to believe that. All the people have to put a positive attitude and their job, school, home and in the general life and are going to be the things change. Sometimes in the life that people need a push and a person with positive attitude can be that push. If a person don't have positive attitude that person always is going to do everything wrong, because if a person don't believe in herself nobody can do it.