People used to say that working make better life. In now days people who are self-reliance define as they need people to follow their instincts or ideas and there is also people who are usually follow their own ideas. Both of them are working ways that are preferred to people, But I think that people should seek guidance from experts and authorities about life's important matters, Because it will make their life easier and help people who are having troubles in their life. There are a lot of things that we cloud talk about people asking help from expert, But I got two of the story that I want to talk about and made peoples life easier. The first example is a true story that happened to me when I was young. It was a summer in 2010, I was in a summer camp for basketball at Generic_City, It was the first practices day, and I was so happy, Because I could finally start to have real training for basketball. At that time I was in a private school that have no sports, So the only way that I cloud play sport is going to camp in summer. Well that day at middle of the practice I hurt my ankle because of my teammate, so I had to stay in hospital. In hospital, I thought that I will not able to play sport anymore, so I was really upset about it, When I was thinking about that, My father told me that life is easy and hard some time and life will never follow the step that people go, so they have to be stronger to be able to control their own life, so they will not follow the step that other people went, After my father told me that I start to realize that life ain't easy, so I have to be way stronger than before, so I could be better me in future, and it happened now, So that is the reason that I think with others help peoples life will be way easier than before. The second example is a story that my mother told me when I was a child. It is a story about a young man trying to make a hammer. It was a winter in long time ago, there was a young man that live in a ancient house, At one day he was trying to make a hammer so that will help him to make a new house. So he traveled a lot of place to find a perfect iron for that hammer, In the way to find perfect iron he found so many iron that's not perfect in his eyes. But in one day he found an old man that are making a hammer, when young man came close to old man he found out that is the perfect iron that his finding all day long, so he asked old man how did he found the iron, After old man heard what he said he laughed and said" young man in this world nothing is perfect if you're trying to make a hammer like me, you have to make everything equally, And nothing is perfect on lest you treat them perfect." After old man told everything to young man he realized that the iron that he think is not perfect is perfect if he treated is nicely and in the end he made a normal hammer that could really help him in the future. After my mother told me this story I realized that with older help you will know a lot of things that you never knew before, And this is the second reason that I think that with experts help your life will be better, and you will learn a lot of life's matter than before. Some people often think that they will decide everything by their self, And there are some people are sought guidance from experts and authorities. But I think that people should ask form expert and authorities help, Because it will make people's life easier and help people who are having trouble in there life. There are a lot of expert that helped me a lot, And I think that it will help all the people who are having trouble in their life.