According to Ralph Waldo Emerson, so I am here to support the motion which says....'' To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplish''. Before going to the point, I would like to let you know the meaning of accomplish. ACCOMPLISH IS WHAT YOU FULFILL, leaving your real life in this world will surely make you accomplish or fulfill what you want in this life. For instances; I have seen a girl leaving a fake life to accomplish what see want, but at the end of the day she was caught, there is a company who need someone who is rich and popular to be the director of the company and will be paid a thousand of dollars every week. This lady tries to live a fake life and decided to go for the post, when she got there every single person believes that she is rich and famous, and she has to compete with other lady who doesn't lives a fake life. She is so poor but have the work experience and was talented, after some days, weeks and month. It now the time to choose the leader, they both seat separately with their heart beating vastly, the lady living a fake life have the 100% assurance that she will WI the contest, here comes the judges to call our the winner, the speaker gives a speech about each of them. The speech goes as; After we have camp both ladies for some month will be sure;y choose the leaders but here with me some evidence about those ladies, their is girl among you two who lives a fake life to get what she wants and there is another girl who didn't do that, this position is given to the girl who does not leave the fake live because if this position is given to you who live fake life you will surely ruin this company by embezzled and faking this company, the speaker says she borrowed almost $500,000 from banks, two houses and 3 brand-new cars to fake her life and at the end she did not accomplish what she wants, likewise the other girl who be herself in this world and finally fulfill her dream and have the greatest accomplishment. With this little words of mine I will like to convinced not to confuse you that living your real life in this live that is constantly trying to male you something else is the greatest accomplish but if you try and fake your life in this world you will never accomplish anything than public disgrace if you later got caught.