In my option, I think technology is good for the world! Because you can communicate with people that are far away. Even it's a great way to help you with school like homework, studying and learning also it makes teachers life easier. And I think people would get lost around the world if technology wasn't made. Because GPS helps you to get to your destination safely also it tells you where you at. Technology is probably the best thing people will carry around them because all your messages, calls and emails comes through your phone. When I got my first video game, I started playing it 24/7 because I used to play it with my friends during summer break. But one day I knew video games wasn't going to be a big thing anymore, so I asked my parents if I could get a phone, and they said" yes I will buy it to you if you bring me good grades the next marking period". When I got my first phone I started using it to text friends and being in social media and I know that wasn't going to get me anywhere in life. But one day I thought to myself what if technology can help you with everything like now days? Because my computer helps me with homework and projects and I can turn it in on time. Although, some people think technology is bad because it keeps you out from playing sports, going out with your friends and communicating with people! Some people don't buy their children's a phone because they want them to work for it, but some parents aren't like that. People be going on social media putting their own life at risk, that's why some parents don't let their own child have technology. Also, because people be using it all the time, and they don't care what's happens around them. Like my parents didn't want me to have technology when I was little because he wanted me to open to the world. But I was shy to talk to new people that I didn't even know, I started to be helpful and friendly to everyone because I knew some people didn't have the something as me. Because some countries are really poor, and they don't have money to eat, and they can't help out their children with their education. In fact, I think technology is always going to be helpful where ever you go, because if you go somewhere that people don't speak your language you'll have your phone on you, and you can research there language, and it will tell you. I really will not know if technology was not made because it helps everyone in the world right now. It helps me pay my payments and learn online. So I think technology is a good way to help you with things and to communicate with people that don't live with you.  