Everyone would eventually ask an advice if they need help on a particular subject or ask for an opinion if they ever get confuse. Advises or opinions would solve one's problem. For example, to prevent making poor choices or decisions, to determine which advice is accurate, and to allow someone to feel secure with choices. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice. First, seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice by preventing making poor choices or decisions. For instant, if someone attempts to steal. If there's something you want, but it's expensive. Also, if someone gets in a fight. If there's someone you don't like or disagree with. Lastly, if someone lies. When someone did something wrong and lied about it. Seeking multiple opinions can help some make a better choice. Furthermore, seeking multiple opinions can help people make a better choice by determining which advice is accurate. For example, to be sure that it's reliable. If many said the same thing while others said a different thing. Also, if someone wasn't sure about the advice. Ask people for more advice if the advice is inaccurate. Lastly, if the advice is inaccurate. If someone said one thing while others said the other thing. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice. Finally, seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice by allowing someone to feel secure with choices. For instant, if someone gets confuse. If you're lost on one subject. Also, if someone gets lonely. If someone doesn't have a baseball team. Lastly, if someone gets worried or afraid. If someone you know is absent or gone. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice. In summary, viewing many opinions can benefit people to make a better choice by preventing making poor choices or decisions, determining which advice is accurate, and by allowing someone to feel secure with choices. I believe that asking yourself for advice is also necessary. But, viewing many opinions from people is probably more necessary than viewing your own advice.