I think for my opinion students should and shouldn't use their phones at school. Because the good thing about it is faster and it's easier because students now days use their phones every day. The bad things about students using their phones in class It's that it could be a distraction for them doing their work and many more things. The bad things about students using their phones are that students wouldn't pay attention in class and would be lazy to do their work at school, that's why the schools have computers and a library's, so we could look up information for their subjects. It's a distraction and wouldn't let them learn or do their work. Cause now in these days all teenagers use their phone for everything. Let's say if the teacher let the students use their phone, so they can look up information for their work. I'm pretty sure mostly of the students would be doing something is like being on social media or texting their friends. That's why school is a place to get your education by learning and paying attention. Even students now this day's they get mad if the teacher ask for their phone because they use it allot in class. Students learn faster by reading n doing their work and using their head. Cause if they use their phone they're going to be looking up the answers. I think what should teachers do is that they should give their phone to the teacher once you get into class and once the class ends he should give it to you back. Another bad things about phones is that they use them on the test to look up the answers n don't try. The good things about using your phones is that is easier to use then a computer and it so much faster. I think students should be allowed because you could learn from their n look up information or things that you don't understand in class, and you could find another way of learning and different ideas. The other good reason your better on typing on phone then using computer. I think it's a good and a bad idea cause with your phone it's quicker to use then a computer but the bad thing about it's a distraction to student. Because they would put more attention to their instead of the teacher. And student get distract with their phone because they access to social media at the same time. And student would cheat on test because they would be looking up the answers. Students now in this day's have to use their phones less because they use them every day n not their and that's the reason they don't learn.