Thomas Jefferson wrote "Determine never to be idle ... it is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing". We tend to persevere when we are used to doing something for a long time but if you don't do anything how will u accomplish and persevere in anything? However, been idle doesn't necessarily mean we are incapable of persevering forward, it just means that we lack the spirit to accomplish our goals or dreams. Your inactivity in life doesn't serve a purpose at all in your life instead it serves as your downfall and your weakness in persevering. People who persevere to accomplish their goals or dreams always end up changing their lives for the better instead of the worst. Like Lionel Messi he didn't give up on his dreams to become a world star athlete because he couldn't walk upright and was always bending over, he continued playing despite been different from everyone else he played with. He played and showed how energetic he was in accomplishing his dream of becoming a world-class soccer player. And today he's one of the world's Best and richest soccer players in the world today. He showed that even if you have tried and can't persevere through your goals or dreams, the little effort you put in can do a drastic change in your life. It's amazing to see how much we have done in the last two hundred years pertaining to technology. We didn't do all that by standing around and been idle but by always persevering to accomplish something greater for ourselves and our society and to move forward. We have created electricity, telephones, telegraph, airplane, motorcycle, automobile and more. We created so much that it pushes us forward to be better people. But the most important one we discovered was electricity because more than half of what we use today uses some form of electricity. We have created so much that people would not be idle, but there are still idle people. Not everyone who perseveres comes from a poor family or had a terrible life when they were little or was disabled, people can persevere where ever they are from. They can persevere even if they look, talk or act different from everyone else as long as they have a strong spirit and a strong will to move ahead and be a better person than they were before nothing can stop them. So let us all be persevering and be able to accomplish our goals by doing something good for ourselves.