Technology had been a useful tool for the man to make his life easier. Cellphones, smartwatches, and more make information very accessible and easy to find. But technology also has a negative impact on social relations, as it reduces human contact and promotes laziness. The main target is the youth, which is more exposed to technological advanced nowadays. When we think about technology, social media comes related too. For some, especially teenagers, these websites work as entertaining platforms, useful to share memories and talk with friends and new people. While these can make contact easier, the risks become higher when social media is not used properly. Posting personal information, such as your address, cellphone, or location, is an irresponsible action which could lead to unsafe situations. Websites like Facebook and Instagram make identity theft easier: as they reduce human contact, people can take advantage of the users by introducing themselves first as a 'new friend,' to then execute their real intentions. For instance, kidnap and monetary robbery are the most popular cases that come out of social media. In addition, social websites and items like phones can be utilized in the way. There have been lately a lot of users claiming that their phones are listening at all moment, a tactic which could be useful to spy on people. As this theory has not been confirmed yet, it could be easily enforced by anyone with the required knowledge. Productivity is another factor influenced by technology. The main purpose of most technological items is to make our lives easier and, in some cases like handwork labor, it can be very efficient. But when people start spending hours with these objects, the development of dependency towards technology could increase. Video games, for instance, have become the addiction of many kids, who stop performing their typical responsibilities in order to play with these. This is another way human contact is reduced, which will have a significant impact in their future lives. To develop social skills at a young age is very important for kids to succeed in the future. It's true that many factors affect the achievement of success, and it can not be predicted by the skills a person has; but what it's true is that we are always going to be exposed to social interactions, and it's necessary to learn how to manage them. A solution for this problem could be in the parents' hands. Enforcing limitations on the use of technology not only will create a stronger relationship between them and the children, but it will be beneficial for the kid's future. After all, technology has become an advantage for many of us in our daily life. However, it's important to stay aware about its risks and exercise a responsible behavior when using it. Moreover, we shouldn't let it take total control of our actions and enjoy in-person relations more. 