While some people say that doing something that you mastered help you active your goals, others say that you should try something more challenging to active more than your goals. Achiving more than your goals can get you farther in life, it can make your job or what you like to do exciting, and your education expands. If you think you cannot do it, you are not believing in yourself. In order to active your goals and be happy, you have to believe in yourself first. Put yourself to do more than what you expected. Being successful meaning get further in life, have to do with the majority of the world, what's around you, and what you put yourself to do. In my opinion, getting further in life is great, not so many people have the privileges to do what you can. A student once challenged herself by taking chemistry. At first, she did not believe that she can do it but hen she ended up passing the class. Do not expect less from what you deserve. Some people do not like their job, so they do a really crappy job. Making your job exciting is great but, how can you make it fun? First find something that you like. Then make a challenge every week to be successful, keep in mind that is for the better. Think about it like a game. Everyone likes games meaning that they would like a challenge. Education has been a big part of ours lives and will always be. A person can learn from just watching a person characteristic. There is plant ways a person can learn. Be ready for any occasion that happens, mentally ready, emotional ready, and even physically ready. Life is full of surprises and will teach us good and bad things throughout the times. Just be your best and learn from every little thing that happen and will happen. In conclusion Emerson is right, "do something beyond what you already mastered." Meaning that you should challenge yourself and active more than your actual goals. Believe in yourself and be better each day. In this world everything is like a game but, is to make you better.  