Hi, my name is Generic_Name. I heard that you are accepting people to come look at some businesses they prefer, and learn more about what they are interested in. One thing I'm interested in knowing is, How many people do you let come and experience this opportunity ? I strongly feel like it would be a pleasure to be able to come and see the environment or being able to understand the right and wrong ways of teaching kids. I think I would be great for this position because I am a well-rounded person, very respectful, and responsible. I feel like being a well-rounded person is a good character trait everyone should have. Furthermore, I could demonstrate that in many ways. You are probably thinking, "Generic_Name, everyone can be a well-rounded person in their own ways". Thing is, people can't compare themselves to me. Have qualities that others may lack in, such as: speaking 2 languages, understanding kids, and being about to tolerate the kids. Speaking 2 languages is great. For example, if I have a Spanish student in my class, I'd be able to have a conversation with him and make him/her feel comfortable. Also, showing that you are interested in the job and showing that you want is good to show. You want to be able to show people that you are qualified for it. Respect is another thing I will always have with me. I will show the kind of respect to my parents, to anyone else out there, whether is being my boss, coworkers, students, or their parents. Showing lack of respect can kick you out of your job. Being respectful will show others that you are serious about getting the job. Referring back to what I said about lack of respect, an example of that can be: coming to work and being in a grumpy mood and telling people mean things can get you to lose your job. That's why I think it's always right to be in the best attitude you could possibly be in no matter what you are going on outside of work. The amount of responsibilities I will receive is no match for me. In other words, If you hand me 2 stacks of paper and give me 2 days to fill it out, I will. Giving me orders is another thing that I would follow, even if I don't want to do it. If I had a chance to work with kindergartners, the ones that struggle and are not comprehending what is being taught. I would stay after school with them for as long as they need until they understand and can accomplish what they didn't get in the beginning. I will always go out of my way in trying to help kids understand the material they need. Another thing is, grading homework and making sure they get it back. I feel like most teachers lack in making sure they grade their students test and not returning it on time. I would make it a priority to make sure it gets done. In conclusion, I think I would be a great person to hire. Seeing and meeting people will improve my knowledge and how to work with others. I will get a BS able things once, maybe twice, in my lifetime. This experience will make me a better person. I think I would be great for this position because I am a well-rounded person, very respectful, and responsible. 