First impressions always count no matter what and sometimes even impossible to change. Because, when meeting a new person or family member people judge on how people tend to act and speak. For example, if a woman would like to apply for a new job and talked to the manager in a rude manner her way of speaking and acting would affect her opportunity of working. So maybe think before what you're going to say because it affects your life. But, not only you but the others in the surrounding Therefore, being nice and kind to others helps the way people look and act when they show their first impressions to others.First, first impressions not only are by judged by the person of a face but, can sometimes leave a good mark or bad one because the way people look and the attitude they give. Sometimes that's why when people are going to give a first impression it has to be a clear and nice way so that the other gives back to people. Otherwise, when meeting with them later in the future they will regret having spoken and taken to you because lack of behavior. So maybe think clearly and treat others the way they do to others. Next time think of what positive things to share around and impressions to others. Secondly, sometimes It's impossible to change impressions and that's why we think before we speak. One way by noticing is when meeting a new person and by their first impression. Its says a lot by just looking at their behavior and attitude not only because the way they speak but interact with others. For example. When meeting a new employee at my job employees have to introduce themselves to each other's so that they can create a long-lasting relationship. But, when meeting a new employee there was a guy and I introduced myself to him, and he had just passed by without saying anything and was shocked when that happened. Because, when meeting new people you have to introduce yourself to others like any other person in the world. Not only because their new but it helps people interact with each other. Lastly, being able to give the first impression to others means a lot because it represents who you really are and the person you want to be. Therefore, people will comprehend the way you feel about others and how you treat them. So that your family and friends can be proud of who you are and realize who you've become as a person. Then, treat others with respect and kindness so that many others can spread positive things in life. Maybe so later in life you can become someone and treat others the way you treat yourself. Then realize that first impressions always count as a good way to introduce yourself to others. To summarize, the person who you are today is the person that can be later in life. That's why first impressions always count no matter what and where you are and how you act as a person. Not only that but it also says a lot about people and you. Being kind and generous to others can affect the world by a lot not only by being kind but can help the people around you. Just by having a good impression of yourself people can take it to other good ways in life. So that's why we as persons have to be the that lead the next generation and with a good personality.