There are many instances where people have the mindset that you must be doing something constantly in order to achieve the most. I believe that having this mindset is terrible and is not beneficial to the person. I believe this because if you take the time to rest you will find that it allows you to regain a creative mindset, it allows your work to regain its quality, and taking time to rest serves many health benefits. Regaining a positive, creative mindset serves many purposes. Having a creative mindset will allow you to think freely, and come up with brilliant, unique ideas that give you an advantage over possible competition. For example, if you are constantly writing all the time you are not giving yourself time to create unique ideas that separate you from the rest of the competition. Another example we can use for this scenario is when an entrepreneur is constantly trying to start a business without taking a step back and allowing themselves to come up with a unique idea that they have passion for. Whereas if someone who does take breaks is working in the same field as another individual they are working less, but achieving more because their ideas are more unique and thought through. When you are constantly working there is a high chance that your work may lose its quality. When an individual is working the factor that they must think about most is the quality of the work they are providing. If the quality of the work is not there then it completely takes away from the rest of the qualities from that body of work. For example, if a man wants to sell a product, and he puts hours upon hours into this item, but there is no quality then the item will not sell. Whereas if the man takes constant breaks focusing on quality, and not quantity then the item will have a lot more attraction from people. Being idle sometimes rather than working persistently also has its benefits. When working diligently all the time there may be times when you may be very stressed out, or you've tired your body out, but these problems can be avoided. These problems can be avoided by taking breaks, taking breaks allows your mind to relax and release stress that has been piled over a certain amount of time. For example, if you are an athlete, and you are constantly over working yourself there is a high chance you may get injured, but if you balance yourself and take breaks you are allowing your muscles to heal themselves which also boosts your performance for the next practice or game. Allowing yourself to take breaks also improves the quality of the work you provide whether its paperwork or sports. Although some people think never being idle is a good thing because you can achieve more work with no setbacks. I still think that being idle serves a purpose because you want to be able to incorporate quality into your work, you also want to be creative when it comes to providing, and lastly you want to be able to gain the benefits from relaxing your body and your mind. Finally, if you are one of the individuals who like to work diligently without breaks, you should at least consider taking a break once because it will not hurt you, and if anything it will help you.