Should some people believe in praising a student's work to build self-esteem, even if the work is not the student's best effort. They believe that students must be self-confident in order to learn. I agree with students must be self-confident because it's better to grow in life then stay in the same place over and over again. If a student does not believe in what he or she can do then that student will not be able to compete things in that student's lifetime. Also, a builds a great mindset for the student to keep moving forward. Students should have self-esteem for a successful life. If a student doesn't believe in what he or she can do then that student will not be able to compete things in that student's lifetime. Student that doesn't think that their capable of doing more that student will stay the same and would not be able to grow, also that student self-esteem will lower down. Another thing a student should get moving up and higher than he or she can do is there are no limits in what that person can do if the student knows that they would be able to do what they can do they can easily grow by practicing more and believing they can do it. So by not believing in what he or she can do that will affect what will happen later in life, never stop believing in what he or she can do as a student. Building a great mindset for the student to keep moving forward. To have a good self-esteem the student will have to set up goals to show to their self that that student can do more. Another thing after writing down their goals is which one will they do first or which one is do he or she wants to compete first. With all the choices to choose like for example: goals, friends or family that support, or how will is the student want to succeed, because even if they don't try as hard as they know how to it could happen to anyone in life that shouldn't make a student to stop trying it should make them feel like okay it wasn't my best my first time he or she can get the second time because a student should always chase what they are willing to have. Building a great mindset for the student to keep moving forward is good for a student to have a great self-esteem. The reason students should be praising for their self-esteem is, because no students should say no to even if it's not their best work the first time everyone should have a chance to have a great self-esteem and to keep growing in life.