On my opinion I be agreed with the statement because He was one of the minister, who has more power from other's. Ms Winston had to help other's. For example giving hand and talk about what they can do. The minister Winston, had the responsibility to help others around he, and give enthusiasm to what they can do and how far they can go.Then Let's say on my class my teacher ask to work with others I had to work and show up. For example: let's talk about work in group, help each other giving ideas to we can add on the project. The terms were tried if you fail show up and do cause there is how you can be better. If you make a mistake no problem on other time you can do better on my opinion there is how the minister can work. In addition, there the things can Minister Winston do was talk about with others if they be agreed. Because if they do not be agreed with the statement was because they had to know that and see is the achievement work successful too. Now I take the position on my opinion many people like me came to this country and looking for better opportunities to we don't have in our country. Also, we had to learn the languages what is hard, but we tried to what we can do and show up how we can be better on the future. But many students had a long history or someone didn't graduate because many students had to pay rent or thing to what's hard to work after school and don't have too much time to sleep, any ways we had to work hard.Also, many students show what they can do and how far they can go, Also many emigrant people came here to found a safe place to live so the mind on our country we don't have many security. Now I be here work hard, sometimes I like to help people when they get travel or didn't understand what we do. Also, I tells them to didn't do bad things cause if you get travel you get problem them your record contain a bad thing, until now I to my best it's hard sometime to understand but every day when I am at home I practice or read book that's one thing can help everyone who want to learn more English. For example if you read a book like 20 minutes you learn and know how to pronounce that work that help you to main ten your vocabulary a read faster. I'm a student who like to help others and like to share new ideas with other and talk about what we want to on a future. a couple of times I want to share are : thanks the program for help us and the teacher who help us with new things every day.