The Primer Minister Winston Churchill once said that "success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm." And the question is about agree or design. My opinion is disagree because the Primer Minister Winston not is tried to motivate to other person to do again. First, reason when something person loss anytime something and feel what if continue does again can obtain something good in the future. Because never said end. Second, reason the failure plays in the life a paper strong in the life of every person in the world. But when any person not try more time that one is clear that is going to failure and never feel what is obtained something good in the future. The decision every person have nothing can say what try against. The decision is of your self. My position is what if I whole my life said not and not continue consist in something never can obtain something. When have the opportunity of obtain something and gain something never say I failure least when have an enthusiasm of obtain. Never person have the right to says you never can't do. Forever cave you personas negatives and thought negative in the life. But every persona have the right to attain something. For example: I have goals in my life what is graduation and have my diploma and can continue in the college. For can gain this gold and my dream I have enthusiasm and a person positive. Also, if I have failure in my gold I have of up and against. Form not failure has tried more of one times. The reasons are clear if and have enthusiasm for something I lost the possible to go back to against. I also think what the Prime Minister Winston Churchill loss something for what the that try to-do is what the person not continue there are and losses your enthusiasm for something what hill obtain. There are much success about failure, but the failure arrive when the problem don't have solution. Because also have the right to fight for obtain the solution to the failure. When us arrive to the failure have the right of to do again but other form. Sometimes the life us plays different station what think that not obtain solution but many persons said what there are form all have solution lest when a dead. This is other example when one person dead and before to dead have failure many times in yours objectives a don't know say there are fight for obtain the solution. The life arrow as the world a never have the solution in the hand to all problems but not signified what not have solution. Never there are said not can't. The final of failure forever have solution. Is as when a company is going to bankrupt. They try to share solution from the failure. For there never said that no can't share solution to the every failure. My conclusion is that never lost the energy for fifth for the solution. Forever cave something what have hopeful in your self. Now lost for hope eve search the solution to the failure.  