Identify a Career Before High Schoolmate you ever heard about those societies that expect students to identify a career before getting into high school? Last week I was reading the newspaper and there was a special new that really got my attention. The new was talking about a new society which wants all students to identify a career before they get in high school. Because some students think is not necessary, there is a big debate going on. I believe that is good to implant to students the idea to commit to a career before getting into high school because then when they start high school they will choose the necessary classes which will help them to earn knowledge of this career. Another reason is that they will not be getting distracted later on thinking about what career should they select. If the students choose a career before getting into high school, they will get mature, and they will be prepared to be more formal and follow the steps to graduate on time and then start working on the few steps that they will have for achieving completely their dreamed career. I believe that if students choose their career before starting high school it will be easier for them in the future. I have a niece that is in 8th grade in middle school, she is almost about to start high school. My niece was telling me the other day that she loves medicine, and she would love to become a doctor. She told me that she asked her counselor for some classes recommendations. Her counselor recommended to her a medicine's academy and also some extra science and health classes. Now she is excited to start high school. If students decide what career are they interested on before getting into high school will help them to clear their mind. Once they get the opportunity to choose their classes schedule for high school they will have in ind that they should pick classes that are related to the career that they want to achieve. When I was in high school I did not even know what a career was, because the teachers in middle school nor my parents never mentioned it. When I was going to start high school I remember that the summer after starting high school, all the future new miners were called to a meeting. In this meeting we were supposed to choose our new classes for our first year in high school. They gave us all a huge list of classes from where we could choose, and because I did no know anything, and I had not any plans for my future, I chose the same classes that my other friend was choosing. When I was in my Senior year the questions started "so what is your plan after graduating?" "What is your dreamed career?" I was completely lost, so I went to talk to my counselor, and she explained to me what a career was. I said I wanted to be periods, and then I realized that I wasted my opportunities of earning knowledge and practice during my first high school years. Furthermore, I could have been in leadership class and learn how to talk to people, I could have been part of the high school newspaper, or take some classes where they teach you how to give speeches. After I graduated I had to take special courses online, because I did not know anything about periodism. If students decide what career they want, they will feel confident, and they will act in the way that this career asks for them to act. They will become more mature and take high school as a more serious thing. Some of my old classmates from when I was in high school were always playing around and getting in trouble, because they said high school did not really teach you what you "needed", but I believe that they said that because they were not learning about what they really were interested on. They used to go to dance class when what they really wanted to become after was a lawyer, or a doctor. Other people believe that this will give students extra stress while they are thinking like an adult when they are in middle school. They believe that students are not old enough to decide what they really want, and that they might change their mind later. This people think that the best age for choosing a career is when the students have already graduated from high school. In conclusion, I believe that this idea that the new society wants to implant to the students is good, because students should take high school seriously, they are super close to become adults, and they will have to decide what they want to do with their life, and as soon as they decide the most beneficial for them, it will be. 