Success is said to be hard with a negative attitude, but why should attitude define the destiny of a person? Life is full of surprises but with a good attitude you can overcome just about anything. A great attitude isn't obtained by many, but it certainly isn't hard to get. All success in life leads back great attitude and awesome mentality. The Key to success is to have a positive attitude and mind set because the person with a positive attitude will gain a healthier lifestyle, a better career, and money. Positive attitude comes from a good mentality and when people have that they see life differently. People who have this characteristic usually don't stress as much because they change the negative to positive. They have patience and don't get irritated so easily or in other words they are unbothered by others. Giving up is never an option especially if it deals with something they love or a dream they have. Since they do not stress as much, don't let others get under their skin, and rarely give up they live healthier and happier. Careers are a perfect example of the power of good attitude; If a doctor goes into work saying "I'm not smart enough for this job." Is it possible that his way of thinking limits the way he works? It may, because he will go on with his day giving 50 percent when he needs to give 100 percent. If he had change the way he thought maybe to "if I wasn't smart enough for this job I wouldn't have gone this far." Now he would be giving 100 percent instead of 50 percent. Since he is giving 100 percent all the time it will make him stand out since he is not just another employee. Employers might just move him up to something more important or give him a raise. Money is something worked and sweated for, and for those who have to work ten times harder than others generally fix their mentality and attitude. If achieving a goal in life is so hard, then why did most High school drop-outs become something great? Not all but the ones who did succeed in life they were determined and had a positive attitude about struggles they encountered. Money is all over the place it just takes the right mind set and attitude to get it. Although money doesn't give you eternal happiness a good attitude will. Attitude may not fix all of your problems, but it sure does give your life a different route. Great minds all have something in common their mind set and attitude. Great attitude takes in life and makes them better. There are many keys in life there is one made for success and that's attitude. Three things that are there once you open the door is a better lifestyle, better opportunities, and more money.  