In the United States the use of technology had positive affects on people's lives. If people don't use technology it would be hard to do the stuff people usually do. People can get a job by using technology, shop, and talk to each other no matter where they are. Now days people can't live without technology because it had made their life easier, and it is hopeful to everyone who works, who goes to high school and, also if you stay at home. Technology allows people to do many tasks without having contact with others. Now days to find a job, people do not go to the companies and ask for an application. They use technology to make a resume and just wait on what the companies is going to say. It is easy for people who don't have transportation, they can get a job by staying at home and use technology. People who work far away from their house need transportation if they want to call the boss they need a cellphone or something that has something to do with technology. When technology didn't exits it was hard for people. Technology helps people to shop by just using the internet, now days we have a lot of stores that people only can buy stuff by using the internet, and it is good because if someone wants something they just need to use the phone and go to a store application. Over 98% people around the word use technology to shop. If people shop online they're not going to lose a lot of money because the prices that they have are good. This is really hopeful to a lot of people and to people who play games the internet is a good setting to buy. Technology helps people to talk to each other no matter where they are, it is known that our planet is big and people live all around the word, some people don't have the opportunity to travel to see their family, friends and get to know more about our culture, but now that people has technology it is easier because you can talk to people that is on the other side of the world, you can get to know more about our culture just by looking at pictures or videos, or you can do stuff without speaking to another person. Technology has helped people a lot in everything day do every day, if people stay one day without technology they are going to see the difference of having technology and not having it. Becuase if you go to your job you use it, if you go to school you use it, of course people can live without it but is going to be harder to do the stuff we usually do, that is why people continue making more and more technology to make difference in our planet and to make people's lives easier.