A positive attitude is what we expect in everything and everyone whether it be from;a customer service employee, teachers speaking to sporadic students, and or a bus driver driving a bus full of disrespectful kids. The lessons they burn in your head as a kid is that a positive attitude can take you places beyond your wildest dreams and those who have a negative attitude will have an unfortunate future brought upon themselves, in all honesty through my words I don't believe a positive attitude can lead to a successful life it's our decisions in the making that do decide it instead. The saying that nice guys finish last is one heck of an understatement in the least, you could be the most positive person on the planet and still have shortcomings when it comes to a successful life. A positive attitude is just what it is, it doesn't guarantee anything sure it might be helpful when getting the things you want in life, but it can only go so far in within its own limitations whether it be giving and employer a positive attitude during a job interview of a job you've always wanted while ignoring how severely under qualified you are in the field. The idea alone of someone truly believing that you can be successful with a positive attitude is a joke, if anything the person believing a positive attitude is what makes them successful isn't in on the joke they are the joke. Similar to a positive attitude a negative is never a guarantee to a successful life at least with a negative attitude you won't see the world in rose colored glasses if anything you see it for the harsh reality it truly is rather than doing pointless things to make life just a little more worth your time rather than forcing a positive attitude just to take in the world easier. In my eyes its just some facade we all have the ability to put up but some choice to live in La La Land while others live in the real world dealers choice really. Our attitudes are just one thing that can change the course of our lives the real way we make it in life is how we do so with our decisions towards that successful life that everyone desires. It's a bittersweet reality on those who constantly maintain a positive attitude this kind of people are taken advantage of their kindness and will often be misunderstood with the people around them. The real way to live is to have an iron will that shows that you are not someone to be messed with but, someone who is respected and can hold their own with making heavy decisions rather than keeping it all happy-go-lucky. The debate about whether a positive attitude or a negative attitude can make you successful in life is kinda of like those other world debates about what happens when we die, is there life other than humankind, is there really a god. It's all based on interpretations or our upbringings into this beautiful disgusting world that is life you can be born with a sliver spoon in the mouth with a negative or born in a war torn country with a positive attitude It's not about how we should make a successful life with attitudes it's about how we make of it.