Why is it good to have a good attitude even if you have a difficult time? When you have a job you can't go to work with a bad attitude people will never come back. In the other hand good attitude make people want to come back and take to you. Even if you have a difficult time at less show a smile for other people to see that can make them feel good, and that might even make you feel batter. There are many successes' people out who had a hard time and that made them feel down and be sad, but that did not stop them from working hard and have a good attitude to other people. For example, one day I had a very bad day when I was outside, then this very nice old man came bye me smiled and waved is hand and I did the same thing and that made me in a good attitude this is way when you see someone who is not feeling good go and take to him. In an other hand, my bother had a bed day in school, so we were going home in till we have seen a very old Lady sharing to cross the rode, but she can't, so we want to help her, and she told us some positively words and that made my day and his. When you help other people or even show a smile or do something that will make someone be in a good attitude is the bast thing that will make you feel good and them two. When you show a good attitude when you are having a difficult time the makes you a patter person, and everyone will love you, but when you are showing a bad attitude no one will like you. For example when I was waling to school this kid comes up to me and start saying words that made me mad and I had a difficult day, but I still showed good attitude to my people. When you have a good attitude, during a difficult time is a good thing people will learn from you people will was you as in example you will make new friends, will have a good job in life people will respect you even if your mad don't show it and make people mad and spread negatively all round just smile and make people feel good and if you have a bad day at dose not mane you have to make other people made with your attitude.  