Students should not be allowed to graduate high school a year early, as this will cause students to only have a lack of free time and enjoyment of being in high school. They will have to give up their summer vacations, and even their evening time because of the courses they have to take. The students will miss out on taking electives, as well as missing out on valuable high school experience by being forced to grow up a year early. With only doing three years in high school, it prevents teenagers from having free time. With the three years only, there is no free time for elective courses. All the important classes have to fit in one tight schedule in order to maintain and pass all the requirements needed to graduate. I mean at least since you won't have electives you will have more time catching up on your mandatory classes. The lack of electives and the three-year plan, can cause stress and anxiety that prevents teenagers from achieving their full potential. Additionally, the students will lack the amount of volunteer hours and extracurriculars that other students will have through a regular graduation program. The lack of extra activities will prevent students from getting into good colleges, because they will be to focused on school to be able to do anything else. Doing a three-year program means you have to give up summer vacations and evening plans. You will have to take classes over the summer and at night. As a result their will be no more "summer"for the students. Instead, they are working throughout the year trying to get everything they need done first in order to graduate and receive their credits. In order to get classes during the nighttime, students would have to find a way of transportation. The county will be paying also more money for teachers. Driving to school would result in students spending money on the increasing price of gas. Spending money would also extend to paying teachers for their extra teaching hours. High school in the three-year program would result in spending lots of excess money and increase complications in students' lives. Many students wish to pursue a three-year-high school program allowing them to graduate early. They want to do that because, they have a specific reason. Some students have families that need their children's ability to work, to help provide for the family. Therefore, a three-year-high school program appeals to the child, so they may help support their family. Other families may need the childcare because they have younger siblings, and their parents work multiple jobs. However, a three-year program leaves very little time to actually work during the program and can impact the overall success of the student. Many schools have work programs actually connected to the school, so that students can work while still maintaining their studies. However, a four-year program is much better suited to the teenage mind, desires, and overall life. A three-year graduation program prevents a teenager from being able to enjoy their high school experience. By graduating a year earlier, their childhood years are taken away as they're thrown into adulthood earlier. Along with missing out on more childhood experience, they lose social aspects for their years. This includes friendships, being able to volunteering, as well as activities. The program can also take a toll on the student by piling on extra work as well as taking a toll on other people, such as teachers and parents. Overall you should always do your research before committing to the program in order to make sure it will be beneficial. 