I agree with this statement because It's hard to change your first impression. If you meet someone, and you do something weird they're going to remember you as that one weird kid. It can be bad when someone has a bad impression of you when you're trying to be their friend. Sometimes you can change people impression of you if they get to know you. If your first impression isn't good it can mess up they stuff you do in life like a job interview if you don't a good impression you may not get the job. If you move to new place and you're going to a new school, you're going to need to have a good impression to make new friends because if your new and a lot of people don't know you and if you do something weird or dumb everyone at your new school is going to have a bad impression of you and that may cost you to make new friends and sometimes someone may bully you for being weird. Some kids at school have bad impression and people talk about them behind their back and their made fun of them for being weird. Like if you're in a sport team and you're that one kid who always bragging about how good they are, people around you won't want to be around you if they know your always bragging, and they will spread rumors about you and people will stop talking to you if they know you like talking about yourself and people won't want to be your friend. If you want to ask out the girl you like, and she heard you did something to an another girl, she's going to have a bad impression of you and she won't even want to talk you and your tried to ask her out she's going to reject you. First impressions are sometimes always hard to change if you don't try to change it with the people you had a bad impression with. Sometimes they people you had a bad impression of are usually the people you want to be chill with. In life it's best to have a good impression because it can help you through life with people you met before. Good impression have a lot of good benefits with your social life. So the next time when you meet someone new It's good to have a good impression.