This program helps students to learn new things, helps older students to mature of teaching and taking it seriously, and helps younger students to socialize with new people and to communicate, and prepares the older students to prepare lessons and teach and be more organized, it can also help older and younger students to learn new different skills and learn different ways. The first best thing about having programs for younger and older students is for the younger students can learn new things. I think it's best to teach young people to learn new things because it can prepare them in the future. I think that the program can help the younger students for they can learn interesting new things and for they can decide what they want to be in the future. If the younger students get help from the older students to learn new things it's good because for they can use that information and teach other kids what they have learn from the older students. I think this program can help many other young students to learn new things from the older students because it's a better way for the students for can use what they have learn and use it for something for their future life like for example math they can use that for paying taxes and bills I think that this program can help students learn new things. The second, thing that is good about this program, is the older kids can mature from teaching younger students and learn how to be more thinkable about what to teach and how to teach something. I think that this program is good because the older student learn how to focus more on what they are able to teach the younger students. The reason why I think the program is a good learning resource is that when the older students know more things than the younger students they can decide what do they need help on learning what should I teach them and how do I teach the subject to them, so it makes the older students more focus to how to know how teach a younger student and the best way to help them. It helps older students because they can think in a better way and to make them feel more grown up teaching someone that is younger than I. This program helps older students because it makes them think harder, and it also teaches the older students how to think more ideas and thin what happens if they teach that, or well this lesson help them, and makes them ask questions to themselves. The third reason, how this program can help younger students, is because the younger students can communicate more to new people they don't know. I think that this program helps younger students to communicate more is because if they talk to more new people that are helping them they will be less shy, and it will make it less difficult for them to be shy to talking to someone new. I think that this program helps younger student to learn better to communicate is because they can get more confidence, and not be scared to talk in front of someone new and different. Furthermore, I think that this program dose help younger students with communication because when they talk to someone new they can feel more comfortable talking to more people and be more social. This program helps younger people to communicate because when they talk to someone it can help them to be less scared to like present projects and talk to a crowd. The fourth reason, why this program helps older students to prepare for lessons and be like a more organized, thinkable person. I think that this program dose help older students be more organized is because they think what they are going to teach them and what the younger students are struggling on. I think that this program dose help a lot of certain older students be organized because they think what time, and day, where they are going to teach the lessons to the younger students. Furthermore, I think that this program dose really help the older students to be organized cause it makes them more prepare what they are going to teach and how they are going to teach it so basically, the older students think were to put what. Why I think that this program dose help older students to be more organized because they plan everything in order. The last, reason why I think this program is great is because it helps both younger and older students to help each other and to improve there learning skills. I think this program dose help both young and older students because if they all work together and help each other it can make a difference on helping and making people learn in a way certain way an easier way. I think that this program dose help younger and older students because they can both share their learning skills how they learn things and shares ideas. Furthermore, I think this program helps because all the younger students and older students teach each other things and help them get better at something they are having trouble at doing. Furthermore, I think this program dose help cause it helps every student to learn an easy way to learn in different ways like flashcards, reading something over and over again, watching tutorials videos on how to do an equation or math, so this program helps to find the best skill for you. It helps for all the students for they can learn faster and easier and help others find their best learning skill to focus on what they are learning. It helps both older students and younger students to improve there learning skills, and it's a good program to learn new interesting things to help students for the future.  