Schools were made for people who want to learn and be a successful person in life even though, there are some people who don't have the opportunity to be in school. Right now in some countries be on school until you are 18 is a law but it is other countries government those not care about children future. Here in the United States they have the option for students to attend classes from home by online or video conferencing. They have that option specially on universities because some universities are out of the city and a percentage of students with a bad economy may not be viable to get transportation every day. So In my opinion that is a great idea to have that option on universities. They should have the same option in high school but not to all the students because that may cause students to fail the classes. High school's should give that option to students with excellent notes and for students who live out of town. Attend classes from home by online or videos has benefits, ones you become more responsible, second it helps you to earned money, and gives you more opportunities to success. In one hand, Attend classes from home it may be a big responsibility because you are doing it by your own no one is going to help you or push you to learn. For example when you attend to class in a school or colleague there is always a teacher, who is there to help you, supports you, and make sure you don't fail your semester, they also make sure that you are learning and getting better every day. Instead, when you have to attend classes by yourself you must be confident and responsible to make sure that you are going to take classes every day and don't waste the opportunity, because no one is going to be telling you more than 3threet times to do you work. There are some students that don't know what be a responsible person means, does students may not be viable to get good greats by taking classes from home. This kind of students need help from someone to push them and teach them to be a responsible person. Be a responsible person is important because it helps you to success in life gives more opportunities, and you don't depend on from nobody you learn how to do things by your own. In the other hand one more benefit to attend classes by home in online it helps you to earn money specially if you live in large distance from school. A few houses are located miles away from the city that means schools are located miles a way from home. In that case attend classes from school it would be very helpful and a big opportunity. Because take transportation everyday Monday to Friday it may be expense because you may pay at mornings to get to school and pay back in the afternoon to go back home. One more benefit is that it help you to success, you may be a viable to find a job. For example, you can do your online classes in the mornings and find a part-time in the afternoon. Many students do this they go to school on mornings and work for a couple of hours at night. But if you could attend classes from home it would be so much easier to work and study at the same time you would make your own schedule without a problem. Also make sure to give enough of time to do your online classes and get good greats. In conclusion do believe this potion to attend classes from home in online or videos is a great opportunity. Specially for students who live out of the city and for everyone who was to success in life no matter what. School and universities should let students know about this option. I agree, and I believe that I may not be the only one who support this idea. Therefore, this opportunity should give to students who really needs it and no to those who would waste it. This kind of option should be in all over the world to help people with bad economy and help those who want to success and have a passion to learn. Students who have the opportunity to attend school every day without a problem should know that there is people that live far from the city that they would love to be seated in a classroom and attend school every day.  