Technology allows us people to complete many tasks without having contact with others. People can check out book, shop, and play games without speaking another person. Limitation of human contact due to the use of technology had negative effects on people lives here is why without technology we are nothing because we depend on the technology every day, every second of our life. Technology has negative effect on our life here is why. In school the teacher goes over present ion online, and it does not teach the student how to do there assignment. Because of the technology there is no teacher and student connection. In my country when I was young we did not have any technology my teacher would go over the assignment, and he would explain the assignment on the board and if you did not get it. He would explain it to you again that's what school should be about making a connection with the teachers. I remember when I was young me and my friends would hang out in the cafeteria we would talk about our day. But now because of the technology during lunchtime all my friend just uses there phone and we don't even talk to each other. Because Limitation of human contact due to the use of technology had negative effects on peoples life. Because of the technology we have war between country with nuclear weapon. Because of technology people do not go outside their house. They stay home and watches movies, read book and play games because they have the technology to do that. They don't care what happen outside even if some is dying outsides of their house they would not care because of technology makes human emotion less and makes us weaker. We depend on technology way too much. When I was young if you need a book I would go to the library and get the book rather than being lazy and sit on the couch and order it online technology makes us lazy. I remember we would go to eat food out and enjoy each other company talk to each other. Nowadays, people just order food online and eat inside and use there phone rather than talking to each other. There is no more human connection. In work technology is helpful, but you are always get distracted because of the technology. Human being are easy to manipulate if there is game going on and there favorite team is playing. They will forget about the work. Pull there phone out and watch the game. Because of that they get fried from work than they have to find a new job and figure out how to get food. If you did not have technology we would not have that problem. The technology is making people losses there job. Sometime technology can be hurtful then being useful. Because of technology there is more accident than there were when there was no technology. Because people when they drive they text each other, and they miss a turn and get hit by a car accident happen. Because of your mistake there is another person dead, and you are blame for it. Cause of you somebody loose a husband, wife , child in the accident. In conclusion technology has negative effect on human life. Technology makes people less human and lazy and weaker, useless also there is no more human connection because of the technology. Without technology, we would be cave man because defend on technology too much.