Technology has the limitation of human contract is due to use of technology had positive or negative effects on people's lives. Humans use the technology for some different's things, on this times' technology is almost everywhere. If the technology did not exist we can't had more opportunities for learned more things for our life. Also, the people don't need to see face to face for had a conversation, because the technology are very advance that if your only cant had a phone you can communicate for text with people in other continents or countries. Technology makes all easier than can be. I think that the technology can be affect positively. For that a have some examples:Technology is used for many things on humans' life that make that the technology had a positive effect. For example, for some people the technology is their work they don't need to ask nobody if they had a question about something, if they did not have technology they can work, and they can have money for live. Also, on the schools teachers and students need to use the technology, most of the time the students do their works on computers, and they need to turned in by way of Internet and if they had a question about something they can found on internet, on the schools is very important the technology they use for many things, on the schools of United States students and teachers used to do their works like 50% of technology they use more the technology for found information, and they don't use a lot of books. In other way one part of the most people that use the technology is the doctors. They had a lot of technology devices, they use that for help people, the most part are for do operations that help them to safe more life than the pass times they now trust more on the technology that the books. However, technology is use a lot on fabrics and that make that the people don't work hard like on fabrics that need to pack the technology is the that make more the work than the people. Humans can use technology to do good or bad things. For example, with the time the people begin to learned little by little on how can they use the technology. The most part of people use the technology to do good things, like for their works like secretaries, teachers,doctors, and another works that use technology to communicate or safe things. Other people use the technology for teach to the children, in the Latin countries some parents begin to call the technology the new babysitter, for the reason that the technology like the phone, tablets, etc. and more things like them are one of the ways easier for distracting the children when their moms need to do or make something's they use the technology, and they don't need to other persons be with your children for distracting. Other people don't had good things on how can they use the technology, and they learned how use however they used to defraud or search people on their social media they communicate a lot with the people. Sometimes they use to sequester people or to rob other peoples bank accounts. In some times is a lot of cases where the old people treated of fraud the children between the technology, like the socials media or online games they use to communicate in a bad way. In this case a lot of people death, in others are to use the technology on a bad way is when people want to be a hacker, and they don't care to whom they go to steal their accounts, in most of the case they steal banks accounts and use a lot of technology for that. That make me thing that if we had more opportunities to use the technology not all people think on good ways to use. Technology can change the way of people live and think. For example. On one part the technology can do that the people feel safety of how their lives in a good way on their house because the technology is more advanced and their creation many things for people can be safe. Also, the technology make that the people that like to express on public can had a work in the social medias and show the like to do like the YouTubers they don't know who are washing then, but they always talk like their know who see. The technology change the form of think of the old people because their in the pass time they need to write letters, but now they can send a text or do a video call they don't need to be face to face. The limitation of the communications it is okay if you don't see the person for talk. And if you are with your friends on one online game you need to had communication with him, and you can talk face to face because he live in the other part of the world you can talk between the technology that make that the technology had a positive effect on the limitation. Conclusion, sometimes the limitation of the human contact had a negative effect. For example, when you are in your work you need to have communication with your companion of work because you need to have a good relation with him. Also, if you are in a relationship with someone you can't communicate with him or her only for text you need to talk with your partner for had a good contact each other. However, if you see the things for other way like when you are in the schools you need to found an answer, and you do trust on that you classmate said you can discuss with other people by technology or search for that. On the conclusion for all my examples I think that no matter what if we had or not had human contact because both had positives a negatives effects. Sometimes humans prefer technology more than books for search something because that are Lacy and don't want to read and the technology no always give to us good answers. But in limitation I think we need to had more human communication that technology communication.