How can you build self-esteem. Self-esteem comes from achievement. Students are confident when they have completed their work and their goals' has been reached. Achieving work and goals build self-esteem because they learn how to have confidence, self-respect, and achieving goals. When students have confidence is important because they can turn in their work without thinking about getting a bad score, Students can put their best effort in their work, and they have confidence they'll have a good score. When students have confident they want to participate more in class do class activities, Students having confidence is important because they can have a positive mindset, and they have that confidants to teach other. Students having self-respect is important because they learn how to respect themselves and others, when self-respecting they think about what they are going to say before they sometimes talk students didn't mean to say it in a wrong way do they make themselves look bad and others start making fun of them. When we have self-respect we learn how respect our decision how to talk with manners. Setting up goals is important because you build off the skills you already know and getting better. When I was in art class I kept getting bad grades and I never thought that I was going get better at drawing, but I set myself a goal to get better at drawing go I started practicing every day and started to build off my skills and eventually I get better at it. Now I love drawing with a Passion. When students set goals they can get better and achieve more than they can ever imagine they could. Setting up goals and achieving is a good representation because it's showing them that they can achieve and do more than they could ever imagines you have read self-esteem is build off by effort, achieving goals and having self-respect is how you get better. Only when we have self-esteem students learn better in classes because they will put more effort on activities in school be more confident with answers and not be shy about getting it wrong students learn from studying or from their mistakes.