A city council is debating the adoption of a 10 p. m. weekday and a midnight weekend curfew for teenagers. If the curfew is adopted, teenagers on the streets after those hours would be breaking the law. Do curfews keep teenagers out of trouble, or do they unfairly interfere in young people lives? Curfew helps young kids to stay out of trouble because it can be dangerous. For example, if they're just wording around at night they don't know what can happen like they can get kidnap, and be at a place at a wrong time. They can think it's cool but in reality it's not. If a police men stop or pull you over you can get in to trouble because they going to ask if your parents know you out or if they know where you at and if you said no they going to call you parents and ask them to come and get you. Sometimes your parents can get worry if you not home. Kids want to meet up with their friends just to hang out but is it really worth it or to get in trouble knowing your friends ain't going to have your back. Curfew keep teens from getting in trouble. Although curfew can be good, but it shows that your parents can trust you. Night can be really dangerous because you can't see in the dark, and you don't know what can be out there. There can be drunk drivers at night also. Curfew is a law so if you go out late at night you would be breaking the law. Police man really do be canning this serious. All they want is kids to stay safe and be good also to listen to their parents. Teens think that meeting up with their friends at night is cool. But parents just want there kids to behave and listen, so they won't get in serious trouble. Why lose your parent trust over some friends that ain't gonna talk to you later in life. Be smart on what side you try to be. Not everything is all about friends you have to put your parents first then your friends that why them made a curfew. Plus it is the matter of respect for your parents. Curfew actually helps teens from doing wrong things. Teens don't think that there parents going to find out but when they get that call saying mom you going to get nervous or scared because you don't know what to say for being at late. Parents can be smart at times when they want to, but they do be catching here kids in the act of sneaking out ! Teens really do have a choice by picking stay home or go out and have fun. People really care about this law. Who want to see a kid walking alone without no parent around. Teens just need to sleep or play on there gaming systems. You can hang out with your friends during the day or have a sleep-over. Whatever you can do to hang out with your friends but DON'T GO SEEKING OUT TO GO GET FOOD OR TO BE WITH YOUR GIRLFRIEND! Just stay at home call up your friends or even your girlfriend, so you won't put your self at a higher risk of getting in trouble. Overall just stay out of trouble and have your parents trust. Don't do anything stooped. Stay at home make do homework or watch a movie just don't snake out just to do stuff that's going to get you in trouble.