In some schools think that attend classes at home is better ;The fifty percent of the schools think that attend classes at home is not productivity. Some people might say that taking classes at home can't benefit students because when their need help or have some question any teachers can be there, taking classes at home can benefit students because their can have more time to sleep and their don't need to take a bus or walk. In the first place, attend classes at home can't benefit students because when their need help or have some question any teachers can be there. For example, I have a cousin who take classes at home, but he never knows anything because nobody can help him when he has a question. While, always I tell him that if he has a problem I can help him or another option is that he don't take classes at home anymore. Also, he doesn't make friends because he does not go to the schools. I choose this option because a lot of student waste their time taking classes at home. I agree that attend classes at home not have benefit. Likewise, attend classes at home can benefit students because their can sleep more. In my case, if a have the opportunity to take classes at home I'm happy because I love sleep a lot. For example, the twenty-five of the student get classes at home because don't like to make a friend or their belief that their can do the work along. The classes start early so in this way they do not have to wake up early. Also, if people sleep more their can be more healthy this is the reason because student like to take classes at home to be more healthy. I choose this option because is important to remember that many students want to sleep more or get extra time because there have a job and is hard to them do two things at the same time. For this reason many students choose take classes at home. In addition, attend classes at home can benefit because student don't need to take bus or walk. For example, some students do not have to take bus because are more near to the school. In my case, I have to walk from my home to my schools sixteenth minutes every single day. When winter come and is so cold outside it's not good to walk in this temperature. While, this is the reason because students take classes at home although sometime can't benefit. Another reasons are that some students have to take the public buses so is take classes at home don't have to take bus. I choose this reason because many people forget that many times is not easy for the students do that. Finally, everything have advantage and disadvantage because some schools think that students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home and some schools are disagreed. Also, some students work a lot so their can benefit with this opportunity. Although, attend classes at home is not the same thing as go to schools and receive help from teachers, students, etc. In addition, if some schools offer this opportunity have to think about it and look the best option.