The World We Live Indore than 4 billion people with different culture, different background and different mentality live in our planet Earth; and each person have their own way of lifestyle. Naturally, we have to associate our self with others, to manage our way of living. It means life push us to open our doors and see different people quality and lifestyle. Emerson's statement" To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment." In my opinion, this is wrong. Sometimes, we have to allow our self and live other people lives. It means we have to change our face mask every day to be a head of somebody. This will help us to avoid conflicts, to accomplish our personal goals and to live in any environment. Sometimes, I fell like we should change the name" world" to" different." It explains the meaning a lot more. Our world is different. Every living matter have their own characters and identity. Birds can fly, but lions can't. Plants, they can't move but we can. This can show us how our world is divided in many ways. This is leading us to conflicts and fights in every aspect. For example, we can see a political conflict between Donald Trans and the Democrat. Personally I don't agree with Donald Trans's ideas and terms. But if my community agrees and supports Trans's ideas, It is mush easier if I put a new a mask in my face and put a fake smile on top of it and pertained that I am on same track like them witch is supporting Donald Trans. It will help to avoid conflicts between me and my community. Every strong person uses methods to accomplish their drams and goals. Focusing is one of the beast way a person use it to be on the top of everybody. Strong person fight to win and to be number one no matter what the situation is. Giving up is to beget enemy in their life. Not being somebody else cannot be the reason to give up in a dream. For example, If your goal is to be number one fighter, you have to fight first. Even if you have a lover personality. If you want to be a fighter you have to fight. that's the reality. You can't love someone and punch them in the face at the time. You have to switch up to get to your dreams (to being number one fighter). American secrete service agents go to Afghanistan to catch terrorist. They are not Muslims, but they have to dress up like Muslim and learn their language and culture just to make their country safe from terrorist. Being somebody else help them to achieve their goals. I believe, becoming somebody else, can help you to learn about that someone personality. This can help you to adapt the behavior of that person, witch can help you to establish a good relationship. For example, I am originally from Ethiopia living in the US. Sometimes I have to act like American just to establish a good environment around me. Thanksgiving is a well-known holly day in American culture. But we don't celebrate it in Ethiopia. Just to respect for my community, I celebrate thanks giving with fake smile with others just to create a good environment in my area. In my conclusion, sometimes we should be somebody else to live in our divided society. This can also solve our conflicts, helps us to accomplish our goals and to be live in any environment. I believe we have to be logic and see the other side. This could be the smartest way to live our life with our crazy the society.  