Are we the future.? Ralph Waldo Anderson said." To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment." I agree with the statement of Anderson. Maybe some people will disagree with me. So I think is hard to be yourself in a world that is constantly changing because technology and social norms. First the new invented and advances in technology has wrote new changes to our lives. We live in a world that is surrounded by new advances in technology. This has become essential and indispensable to preform our daily activities. For example the internet has become very important tool and so essential that we can't stay without internet for even a day. We constantly surfing the social media. Even if we love and hate social media we are always connected. We want to know what others think about us. Without knowing we fall in a new world call internet, and we make changes just to be accepted, love even hate by other. Second we are part of a big society. We were born, grow up and died in a society that has norms that we fallow. This norms sometime are written norms that are laws and if we brake these laws the society can punish, and we face consequences. Some norms are just unwritten norms that we fallow in our daily life. This norms can restrict our serve excretion and can stop us for doing what we want. So to fit and be acted we fallow the social norms. For example if we go to school we must fallow their rules to be able to get in school. We can't just walk in with a sexy title dress and have make up. The norms of the school are make for you to fallow the dress code. Even if you feel like the dress code restrict your personality and serve excretion. these norms are make for everybody to maintain a order and balance. In conclusion I must say that I agree with Anderson's quote" to be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make your something else is the greatest accomplishment." therefore we embrace new technology and follow social norms to keep the balance and maintain the order. We are part of a change together we can achieve new ideas and build a better society. So we can leave a better future for our children's.  