I believe that graduating from high school in three years is the best option out there, the reason why I support this statement is because, i myself I'm graduating early the reason why I decided to this was because, I felt like I was too mature for high school and I felt like I could do more things that highs cool will limit me from doing. So many students see high school as an embargo, high school literally takes four years that a lot of time, we could be out there gaining experiences from being in the workforce and actually studying what we want to do, I also feel like high school don't really focus on what the students actually want to do, we take classes that we won't even need after high school. Ok let look at it this way, when we take history classes in high school are kids really going to remember what was George Washington favorite food? Or when did the civil war begin? Yes I know it can be important for us to know our history, but we shouldn't be taking it for four years non-stop. For example let take a look at Bill Gates he was a smart kid in high school, he also used to sneak to the college library to do his work, because he felt like high school didn't offer him the amount of knowledge he needed, so he decided to drop out of high school, and has you can see his on of the top billionaire in the World. What if there is a kid like that in high school and he/she felt like high school is not giving him the amount of knowledge he needed, and he wants to graduate early, but he can't do that because, were required to take four years of everything, and it's totally not fair. When I decided to graduate early, both my counselors and teachers where discouraging me that I shouldn't do it, that colleges frown at those type of stuff and all that, but they didn't know that I already made up my mind and I felt like I was ready to take on the world all by myself without the help of my parents. In conclusion I think three years of high school should be encouraged a lot in high school, so kids can go out there and explore and live their dreams and actually study what they want to study. And they shouldn't really make students take boring courses like history for four years of high school non-stop. I'm very happy to say that I'm class of 2020!! Instead of 2021, And I'm very happy that I took that road.