I believe people who value Self-reliance should make their own decision, because they know what decision they want to make, sometimes you need to seek guidance from experts opinions about life's important matter, because not everything you think its right It's going to be right.It's also not a bad thing if you chose your own idea or if you seek guidance for the information, if you do both either one is right in my opinion. I think that if you really want to know about life's important value you need to either ask a guidance from expert that know all the information about life's important matters or if you know the right information you will be fine but it's also a great idea to check with experts to make sure that the information you know it's correct or to learn more about it. In Life, you will not know some things that's why another great idea is that you seek guidance expert that knows about life's important matter. Most time people can be positive that they know about life's important matter and they don't need to seek help and that completely normal. A personal story that I want to share is that most time I may think that I know everything about life's important matters. If i sometimes don't go anywhere to seek guidance from expert because I'm positive of the things I know, but also they are times when I do need to seek guidance experts about life's important matter and in my personal opinion that helps too when I need the help. Seeking guidance from expert can help anyone know more about useful information about Life's important matter and much more information. While if you don't seek guidance you won't be able to learn anything about life's important matter. When you know some information is also good to check with an expert who knows and can give you more information on the topic life's important matter It's useful to know information to for the nearest future, and also you can teach others who need the information. Making a decision is not a bad idea neither is seeking for guidance from expert about life's important matters. You can always learn new things if you ask for help, and you can learn more about life's important matter. If you know your facts that can also be helpful and you don't need to go seek guidance expert about it.