Technology allows people to complete many tasks without having contact with others. In the world people are using technology in many away. Some people used technology in their business. And others are using technology to contact with other people who are live different country. However, children are use technology for fun. Technology has the limitation of human contact due to the use of technology had positive effects on people's lives. Technology are use for business their daily lives. Although people are use technology for helping them to solve the problem. For instance when people have meeting, and they do not know what time is meeting. That time they can use technology to send the email to the boss. Also, teacher are use the technology every day for many reasons. For example to great student test, and email other's teacher etc. In addition, some time in business people are used technology person reasons. For example talked to they friend and family. Also, some parents live they children at home, and they are use technology to speak to they children.People are used technology to contact other people who are live different country. People are moved to different country because of money and have good life. So they have to use technology to talk with my family. Some time people are used technology different away to contact they family. For example text, email, call, and messages. Also, many people are do not go home long time they live in different country. For those people's technology is very imperative to communication with my family. Children are use technology for fun. Most of the time children are played games. Also, children like to watch the movie with my friend. But some people are do not agree with me. Because they think the technology are wishing of time. Also people's said that technology is bad for children because some time they use for bad reasons. But I think technology are helping children to learn more from the technology. In conclusion technology are allows people to communication to each other. Has a human I think technology are helpful for our community to have positive effects on people's. In addition, people have technology around the world. Also, the technology helped people complete many tasks. 