First impressions are always important and can really effect how you are looked at, but they are not impossible to change. They impact whether you get the job, make that friend or even if you get service if you are somewhere. I believe that first impressions are not impossible to change, they are hard but not impossible. Firstly, because someone could always forget, people can change, and you could receive a second chance to redeem yourself. I have met people a second time that either I had a bad first impression with or they did, and we forgot all about it. When you forget about somebody, the first impression with obviously not matter. You will forgive and forget. Also, when I say the word "forget," I do not mean completely lose all knowledge of the other person, but I mean maybe you did not care, or maybe the first impression was not terrible that it was easy to block from your memory. I have changed and many people in my life have also changed. Your first impression or somebody else's first impression might change if you meet them again in five to ten years. Over a period of time if let's say somebody who had a bad job interview wants to change and really wants the job, they will change, and they will ask for another opportunity. Even if you have a bad encounter with someone the five times you have met them, your opinion about them will change with just one good impression. People change and when they do, so do impressions. Second chances are also very important with impressions. Redeeming themselves is something a lot of people tend to do. Chances are not hard to ask for, and when making it up to somebody for a bad impression, you need to make it count. I have asked several people for second chances to redeem myself for bad impressions and now, we are friends. When I first applied to my first job, I was late to my interview and that is why I did not get the job. Then I asked my boss for a second chance, he gave it to me, and now I have an amazing job. In conclusion, no, first impressions are not impossible to change because there is forgetful people, people change and second chances exist. It is not hard to be on your best behavior or to be well-dressed when meeting someone new, especially if they are of higher authority. First impressions are not impossible but are difficult to change, that is why it is good to try and make a good first impression to save you from trouble.