Imagine a classroom fill with students using their cellphones. What do you think they are really using their cellphones for? Some students do not really use their cellphones for educational purposes but use it as an excuse to wonder off and get distracted with it. Students should not be granted permission by any teacher to use their cellphones in class, it is a mistake. A major distraction nowadays is social media. Instagram, Snapchat, and YouTube have impacted the fastest generations. When teacher allow their student to use their phones most of them at times just login into Instagram or Snapchat. It can easily be proven by the amount of students that come after class and tell their teacher they could not complete their classwork. Social media can be a weapon in and out of school, it will distract students from their work. Social media isn't the only distraction a student can have from completing class work. I've notice that student at my high school download these new games on their cellphones. When a teacher of mine tells us to pull out our cellphones to do some research, I see more than half the class flip their phones and start to play this new game called Fortnite. This game is very addictive that those students who decided to play when asked to do research, their grades dropped straight down to a failing grade. This is why allowing students to use their cellphones can be a mistake, they are failing their courses.Texting your friends during class is the last distraction for a student. Students during class might've been waiting for so long to text their friends back. Most of the time it's really not more of a "hey" or "how are you doing?". Students really have long conversations and get carried along that they forget what they were asked to use their cellphones for. High schoolers are always just on their phones texting one another and wait until last minute or the last day an assignment is due. Texting can be the worst distraction for students and this is why they should not be allowed to use cellphones for "educational purposes". In conclusion, schools should prohibit teacher granting permission to student to use cellphones during class. Cellphones can be distracted, and it will allow many students to fail courses or not complete assignments. Students spend more time on social media, games, and texting their friends more than doing homes works or even reading a book.  