I personally disagree using cell phones in classroom, because students will not get the education they need. Students can go on other pages without teachers knowing like looking up something that they are not supposed to. It also can distract others focusing on their work, or studying for a test. It may cause an issue for teachers for allowing students using their cell phones in the classroom. Students using their cell phones can lose focus on the work that is given. Cell phones can cause problems in the classrooms; while students are doing their own work and can not use a cellular device, while taking a test. Using any cellular device while doing any work or taking a test can get into problems by the teacher, and it counts as cheating. Students can also lose their cell phones during class or losing it while going to the restroom. Students can get in trouble by other teachers using it in their classroom, can get in trouble for using it while walking, or hitting someone by accident or making someone fall. Students do not see where they are going to doing around them. Using cellular devices will not help students learn the materials that is given. Students can get distracted on the work that is given to them and not attend to do it. Students need the education that the teachers has provided for them. So, students need to stay focus on the work and stay on task on the class work, students can genially have their cellular device off, so is doing not keep them from learning. Using cellular device can effect students thinking on a subject in class. Teachers may not know what students are doing, on their cellular device in the classroom. It can cause problems for students if they are not using their cellular device properly in class. Teachers do not know if students are saying inappropriate comments to others students. Students can also send inappropriate images among other students. Although, using the cellular device is not the best device for doing work or studying on a subject, that they have to do. Provided the knowledge that is given to students and stay on task when is needed that way, it helps you not to get lost, but it also can provide students to learn and not to use their phones. More students lose track on time and what's around them. Using cellular devices can stop you from not doing the job quicker. It can slow the work and lesson that is given to them.  