"Do we choose our own character traits, or our character formed by influences beyond our control?" I think you should be you own character because not everyone has good intention in this world, and most people love seeing other people at their lowest just so they can feel good about themselves, or be proud of themselves so that they prove something, and they can say that they're more successful than you. That's exactly why you shouldn't trust everybody that's around you. It's okay to communicate or socialize with people sometimes but don't put your 100% trust in them because it's always that one person that you wouldn't expect to betray you and really will. People are good at hiding their true colors. You shouldn't let people influence you in any type of way, be yourself and have confidence in what you want to be in life, after all it's you life not theirs. For example, if your parents wants you to be something you don't want to be, don't to it because again it's your life not theirs. I understand that that's you parents but live your life and just have faith and trust yourself. You shouldn't be acting like someone your not, a lot of people act certain ways or try to be someone they're, usually in a relationship because they are scared that the person they're with is not going to like who they really are, or they might be ashamed because they think that he/she might judge them if they really show who they really are, but honestly why be with that someone if they can't accept who you are? Shouldn't you question yourself, why are you even with that person in the first place, if your even thinking that they "might" judge you in any type of way? Sometimes It's okay to think though just take a minute out of your day and think, and you can actually realize a lot of stuff about people and especially how they're acting towards you. That's why I don't let people influence me in any way because you never know what that person's intentions. Be your own person and don't ever be someone you're not, and you should never change for someone just because they don't like you for who you are, your friends and your family should accept who you are and respect your decision. Sometimes it takes time to see who's really there for you but one day you are gone see who are really there and support you in every step. For example, if your friend don't respect your decision-making to something that you want to do then you should know or question, are they really friends or are they really there for me? Because people come and go. My point in all of this is just be yourself, trust yourself, have confidence what you want to be and don't let somebody take control in your life or don't get influenced by people that don't have good intentions in you, basically make the right decision. Don't try to be perfect for somebody else's, if you want to do that then do it doesn't do it for somebody else, do it cause you want to do it. But, I agree that you should be your own character, because you can't trust everybody or expect everybody to have good intentions in you, do something for yourself not because she/he wants you to do it. Don't try to act or be somebody that you're not, show who you really are and your true color because that's how you really know who is there for you and who is just faking to support you because they want to see you at your lowest. It takes time for other people to open their eyes but when they do, they will realize a lot of stuff going on. Be yourself and don't let anybody change you in any way, be unique.