Is setting a good example by your own behavior the best way to influence other people I agree that setting a good example by your behavior is the best way to influence people when giving a good example you're trying to influence and direct the people, so you must have a good behavior in order for them to be persuaded, you must also have good details to provide to the people or your clients, and good examples can guide you to next step or level. When setting a good example for other people you want them to be persuaded, and to follow the example. So you must have a good attitude and a good behavior. When providing an information to other people you have to make sure that what your saying make sense and it's accurate. I have a little brother that wants to play basketball just like me, every game I have he come and watches me play, the moves he sees me do in the game, if he likes it he's going to tell me and when I get home I show him the examples on how to do those specific moves. When you show good examples people will flow and will be pass those examples down to someone else. Good examples can guide you, to the next step or level. When I'm taking a test at school, it always begins with a three question example, and it lets me know what I am going to be dealing with, so when I take the test I know what I am going to be expecting on the test, and I am also going to know what to do on the test. Examples can help a lot of people succeed. When you're working on any school work or classwork it always starts with an example on how to show you how to answer the problems and do it. Little examples can provide people with a lot of information. If you pay attention to the examples it can really help you in the future. Some lawyers use examples when talking to a judge in court to help them understand or to persuade them. When providing information to other people you want to make sure your attitude and behavior is on point in order for them to listen. My parents sometimes have trouble using technology so when they need help I'm ready to show them examples on what they are having trouble on, they know they can always count on me, and that is the type of behavior if they ever need any help. A lot of people doesn't tolerate poor behavior. When my English teacher is giving the class an example on what we are going to do later that day she makes sure that each and one of his understands what we are doing before she moves on. The source that you're providing you have to make sure it actually or if it can other people out. Although some people may say giving an example with your own behavior may not work for a lot of people. Another way you can show an example, is by showing them in person. I sometimes have trouble making or creating something so I got to watch someone else do it in order for me to do it. Showing direction to people in person will make it somewhat easier for the person to understand, instead of just telling them. You can influence others upon your action, and they might follow ID your attitude is good.  