Dear Manager, Did u know that many schools do not have local companies and organization that allow students' to explore certain profession? I believe that they should have local companies and organization because when work as a teacher, the teacher can help students, have fun with students, and solve problems. When you work as a teacher, the teacher can help you with anything. Like for example: When you are stuck with any of your assignment, or doing a project, the teacher can help you with any of your assignment, or a project. However, some teachers do not help with students because the students won't get it, or learn anything. When a student needs help, go ask the teacher for help because when u don't ask, then you won't get help by the teacher. And that it is important to ask the teacher for help because when u ask for help, the teacher won't help you because you didn't ask for help. When you work as a teacher, it needs to be fun because the student can not be bored and that they need to do fun activity like for example: Like going outside and play fun activity playing educational games that contain subjects like Math, Science, Reading, or History, or like playing Soccer, Football, and Basketball and do more fun so that the students can not be bored. And that it is important to have fun and instead of being bored and not doing anything in school. When you work as a teacher, the teacher need to solve problems. Because a student might have bad situation, or might have a ruff day. And so the teacher needs to talk to the student who's having a bad day. Like for example: If a student is having a bad day or a bad situation, the student need to ask the teacher to help with this situation or a problem that u have that is going on. And that it is important because the teacher can help you with anything. Teachers are important because they can solve problems that u have or question that you have, so you can tell the teacher about it. And that the students need to tell the truth because when you're lying, the teacher won't help you and you're getting yourself in trouble, and making your situation harder and more difficult for yourself. Therefore, working as a teacher is important because the teacher can help students, have fun with the students, and solving situation or a problem. And it is important to work as a teacher, at the same time it is hard to handle with the students. Consequently, a teacher can handle anything, or any problem that you have, or having a ruff day, and you need to talk with someone, or a teacher. And that many schools don't have local companies and organization that allows students to explore certain profession.