I disagree that someone can change you. First nobody can change the person you are from the beginning. Second of all nobody can tell you how to be or what to do either even if your married or single. Third of all you have to be who you are you don't need to pleasure nobody in this world but yourself. You have to be proud for who you are and what you are doing in order to be doing good in your ways of life. To begin with I disagree that someone could change. One because that's for you to decide if you want to be the way you want to be. You can't change for anybody to accomplish whatever you want. If you want to change you'll have to change on you know nobody can that for you. For example when I was a freshman in high school I used to like skipping my classes all the time. I never went to my classes I liked being around my friends most of the time. My grades drop from 100 to 50 real fast. I didn't realize friends can make you go the down road. I felt like I did not care at the moment, but then I realized all those friends were not real friends at the end. Nobody is going to help you get you stuff together, your grades, your education. I believe you have to always be your self in order to progress and success in your own life. Secondly people say that when you get married your suppose to be someone else that your suppose to cook at all times, do laundry for you partner and yourself, I believe that is not correct. I believe that you can still be who you are even if you're with someone or not. You don't nessecarly have to be someone your not in order to make others happy. Your friends, your boyfriend or girlfriend are not going to give you a High school diploma, an apartment, a car, and food. You have to get that on your own you have to be happy the way you are. If you are a lazy person, crazy person, dramatic person, you can be however you want to be. You do not have to change to make the rest happy. For example, I do not like being around friends anymore, I do not like drama at all that is just me I learned from my experience that nobody is going to be there for you on your rough times, and it is not worth changing for nobody ever. Lastly I believe you have to be who you are and be yourself in order to success and follow your goals. Being your self is one of the best things there could be. You do not need to care if someone judges you. You do not need to be worried about anything but trying to accomplish your goals, your dreams and a better lifestyle. Furthermore, you have to have a good character in order to achieve everything you want and especially being positive to yourself. Never let others try to change who you are or what you want to be always go by what you want and do not question your self. You have to be happy by the way you are and not think about how the rest want to see you. For example when I used to skip class in freshmen year in high school my friends wanted me to be like them, they wanted me to skip at all times and just hang out in them mall or park. I realized one day I want to get somewhere in life I want to graduate on time, I want to have a good job, I want something different for my self. I realized I was doing my self wrong, so I stop completely and started of my sophomore year fresh and different. Furthermore, I began to see the difference. My friends thought I changed, and I did because I did not want to stay back with them, I wanted to move on forward with my self and goals I had. This was my experience and ever since I realized being your self is a big worth anyone has. This is my opinion on why I disagree that you do not need to change for anybody. You always have to remain being the way you are and never let no one change the character you are just to make them feel happy. Even if you are with friends, boyfriend or girlfriend you do not have to change the way you are for them. Always be proud of the person you are too. 