Imagine living an outgoing life or a lazy life. It's like talking about a traveler and a video game addict. In my opinion I think we do accomplish more if we are always doing something because when you are out doing something you gain experience, also when your out doing something you tend to meet new people, even though some would argue that living an inactivity life also serves a purpose because inactivity allows you to live a life closer with your family. First when your out doing something you gain experience. In my opinion when your constantly out you gain social experience. For example, you won't be as shy to speak to others, and you won't be awkward when socializing. Also, when your out you are traveling and getting to understand and appreciate many cultures around the world. Another example you get a closer look into the lives of everyone around the world and allows you to help them get through any hurdles. These are some reasons on why gaining experience and understanding others is important.Also, when your out doing something you meet new people. For example your always talking to people when your out, so you tend on making new friends. When you're traveling and in need of a place to stay, by making new friends around the world you are possibly covered and don't have to spend a dime on a hotel. Another example when your out doing something you can possibly meet the right one, future (Husband/Wife). I've seen many stories of people traveling doing something, and they end up falling in love with someone. This is why meeting new people by doing something is a good thing. Some would argue that living an inactivity life serves purpose. For example, you get to sit around and just hang out. Also, you can make friends and do many things through the online world. Sure all these things are good you get to have a different form of fun. However, you're just being plain lazy and choosing the simple way of living. Also, once you have to go out into the real world you'll most likely be awkward and shy. This is why being inactive can be somewhat good but also bad. In conclusion being able to travel and get to understand different cultures also gain experience is super fun. Also having friends from all around the world is just so cool and brings many kinds of stories to the table. Even though living an inactivity life has its flaws it also has its pros there's so many opportunities but you're not living a fulfilled life. In my opinion we do accomplish a lot more in life being active and going out doing something than being at home being lazy not doing anything. This is everything on why I think we accomplish more by being active.  