We all live with purpose, finding a nice job, having a big house, or traveling all over the world. Most of us are very busy to achieve our goals in life. Thomas Jefferson wrote, "Determine never to be idle ... It is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing." We accomplish more if we are always doing something. Deligence leads us to a road of success. For example, The successful people are always willing to spend times and put efforts in their work. In history, a lot of leaders showed us that success comes from keeping doing and trying things over and over to make it what it is today. When we become diligent, we spend our time doing meaningful things. We become more efficient and tend to be more responsible for our lives, it pushes us forward to our destinations in a good way. Experiencing lets us learn more. For example, We learn from books and documentaries about what other people have experienced or doing different things by ourselves then gain perspectives from it. Those things make us talented and gives us guides about how things might be when we grow up. It also gives us advantages when we encounter difficult things and try to deal with it. The more we experience, the more valuable and proficient we will be. While some people believe that we accomplish more if we are always doing something. Others argue that inactivity also serve a purpose, for example, They say that we only live once, why give ourselves such hard times and do not do things that make us feel comfortable and happy. Although this may be true, it will just make us lazy and does not give our lives meanings and purposes. We will accomplish more if we are always doing somthings. Diligence makes us have a positive attitude to put efforts in our works, we can become more responsible for ourselves. It shows us the passions. The more we experience, the more successful we will become. Gaining perspectives makes us be aware of what we can do in the future. We should keep doing things and learning knowledge for the better us.