One of the most famous quote by Thomas Jefferson is," Determine never to be idle... It is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing." He believes that there is so much that can be done if we are always doing something because if you are doing something all the time even if it's little it can be done but may take time. I believe we accomplish more if we are always doing something for example if you don't practice everyday then you won't get better at soccer. There are a lot of things that need be done in our country. One of the most important things is racism, if we do something about that every day to end racism. If you are always doing something then you will get a lot done. When you're building a house you are always doing something to it but if you stop then it will more time to build. I always believed that I can do a lot if I'm doing something all the time. When I was little I use to make Lego's I would always build them, I was always doing something to them. My mom always told if I'm building them every day I could get done fast. I prepare for school the same way when I have big projects. When I have big projects I tend to freak out. My mom tells to just break it down and do bit of every day. When I do that I get my projects done fast. If you don't practice everyday then to won't get better at soccer. If you want to be professional soccer you will have to work every day. When you don't do that you won't get any better because you have to train everyday, so you can be great at soccer. I used to play soccer 2 years ago and I wasn't practicing everyday so I didn't get any better. My dream was to be a soccer player but I wasn't training everyday so I didn't get where I wanted too. Everyone has dream to be something in order be that you have to do something every day to reach your dream. Most people don't make their dreams because they don't do the little things that matter every day. There is a lot that need to do in our country. One of the most important things is racism. I believe we can end racism by doing something about it every day. One of the most important things in this country is racism because a lot of people are getting killed by it. Police officer shooting black men that didn't do anything. That causes people that have been killed family's pain. I think racism needs to end as soon as possible. A lot of white police men are shooting black men and are not getting anything for it. I think they should at least get some punishment because it's not fair to the people who died family's. I believe this could be fixed if we all come together and do something about it every day. As you have read we accomplish more when we are always doing something. Only when we do something you accomplish more. By doing something everyday you can accomplish your dreams and get your work done. The world would be in better place if we everyone did something to make the world cleaner and safe. 