Always doing something it's better than doing nothing. Staying in the same place where you star is better; however, doing something is always better.it is better to always do something to accomplish what we want because it gives us the best opportunities, it gives us a good future, and it can help us to make good choices. First, it is better to always do something to accomplish what we want because it gives us more opportunities. We can have a job were we can earn a lot of money to support your family .we can have the car that we want because we work to get the car. We can have a house for us. It is better to always do something to accomplish what we want because it gives us more opportunities. Next, it is better to always do something to accomplish what we want because it gives us a good future. We can have a good future because we will know how to deal with adult problems. In our future we can earn a lot of money because we will know how to work hard to earn that money. We can have a house where it can be all my family. It is better to always do something to accomplish what we want because it gives us a good future. Finally, it is better to always do something to accomplish what you want because it helps us to make choices. We can choose the best career that we know it's going to help us in the future. If someone knows that he want to be an engineer he needs to take a career where he can learn everything about engineering. We can choose what kind of job it's fore us. It is better to always do something to accomplish what we want because it help us to make good choices. In conclusion, it is better to always do something to accomplish what we want because it gives us the best opportunities, it gives us a good future, and it can help us to make good choices. We can have a job were we can earn a lot of money to support your family. We can have a good future because we will know how to deal with adult problems. If someone knows that he want to be an engineer he needs to take a career where he can learn everything about engineering. Always do something it's better.  