Attending school and Attending online classes. Attending classes from home by the way of online or video conferencing is not a really smart idea. You can learn better by making eye contact, and asking questions from the teacher rather, than just trying to learn online. Education is one of the most important things in our life that we can't continue it in a good way by attending online classes. Attending online classes might look a smart idea for some learners because they might be able to stay home, and study, but there is absolutely a reason that we build schools. Students might get benefits by attending online classes, but not as they will by going to school. Attending school instead of attending online classes have a lot of benefits that can change an idea of attending online classes. Attending school can give us a friendly character by being able to talk in front of a group of people. When we attend school, we start talking, and communicating with people by the time we get in the bus. We can find friends, and get help from them when we need. We will be able to ask any question from the teacher at any time that we want, and they can give us the answer without waiting or searching it online. Furthermore, we will get ready for bigger communities such as college and university by attending school. Teachers don't just teach us a lesson, but they show us how to talk in a good way, and how to have a good character in our life. Which online classes wouldn't help us in such a way. We will have a lot of events at school that we can celebrate with the whole school. We can't celebrate any event while attending online classes. Our character, and the way we are is really important, and attending school will help us to have them in the best way. Talking, and asking questions in front of the whole class or several classes will help us a lot to get ready for college, and more other presentations. Communicating is something that we will need to use in every day of our life. School is the best way to learn how to communicate. When we go to college or university there will be a community bigger than a school. Therefore, attending school is a very good option rather than attending online classes. School is not just a place to study books, but it's a place where we learn how to live like an educated human. Friends are like family. While we are attending school we will make a lot of friends, but we can't make any friend while attending online classes. Celebrating some events will give us the best memory while we can have that by attending school but not online classes. Attending online classes have a lot of disabilities to teach a student they way they need to be teaching. A teacher can show us how to use a good language with other people, but an online class wouldn't be able to do that. A big community like school can make us get used to talk in front of a group of people, while in online classes we are alone. We need courage in order to study. When we answer a question in the class or get a good grade in our class, the teacher, and students courage us but if we get a good grade in online class, there is no one to see our talent and courage us without a small class massage. Attending online class might be good for some reasons. When we are sick, or we have a problem that we can't go to school; attending online class will help us, but not for a long time. Video conferencing has a big different with watching what the teacher does in class, and what questions students ask.There are a lot of ways that we can study but, attending school is the best way. Attending school is a complete education than other ways. We build schools because we can understand the importance of studying at school. School is a place where we start how to earn something that we want, and teachers help us with that by giving us courage. Attending online classes will just help us read something, and if we don't understand a word, then we need to search online for that either, which is going to take longer time than studying at school. I strongly prefer attending school than attending online classes because there are many benefits we can get by attend school rather than attending online classes. We can not learn all the good things on online classes that we can by attending school. Attending online classes will be a big process, difficult, less opportunities, and there is no one to encourage us or show us what is good for us. Attending school is the best way to have a bright future, a good way to communicate and a good preparation for college and bigger communities.