It is a good idea for students to finish High School in three years? Many students graduated from high school in a very short period. But, do you know if the student knows what he/she needs to know?. In some cases students didn't remember something from high school. Many students forget everything that they learned when is Summer or when they stop to go to the school, in a very short time. It depends from the knowledge of a student if he/she can take everything on his/her heat. May be more time led the students to know what they want to do after the High School, and have elective classes can help the students to be a good worker in the future because they are more creative. Depend from the knowledge of the student if he/she can take everything on his/her heat because some students have the capacity to learn a lot without forward and other not, possibly they have apathy in some classes, or they are more interested in other things since in some school districts offer programs that can contain class that students don't want to learn. But, it can be very helpful for the students that want to graduate so fast from the high school because maybe they want to work without an interruption from high school's things or the want to go the college without they had a lot of time in high school. Also, some students think that have the capacity to graduate from high school in a short time and other prefer to graduate with the normal years because some students want to have the advanced diploma that can give you goods opportunities. May be more time led the students to know what they want to do after high school because some students graduated so fast that they didn't thing correctly what they want to be or what to do after the high, someway you have done to something in your life that can help you to live economically between the world. For example, you are graduate today but in a week or a month you are doing nothing because you don't know what you want to do, but you need something with your life. Also, if you want to graduate so fast from high school you need a plan like; I'll work after high school because I need money, or I want to study more because I think I need to know more and I want in my future. For example: the people who work after high school is the people that knows what they want without matter the time that they took in the high school and the people who still siding is because they Carnot ready to know what they want, or they still studying for a career. Have elective classes can help the students to be a good worker in the future because they are more creative, and elective classes led the students to learn new things that can help them in the future and in their usually life. For example: if they take an art class they will be more creative, if they take a music art they can have their own record. Also, elective class give more opportunities that a program that contains the usual class and barred. Finally, summer is a good time to take a break from high school, and you have the opportunity to be in a classOnline if it's difficult for you to remember something during that time. In conclusion, some programs that allow high school students to graduate in three years are good for the students who know what they want to do after the high schools like if they want to work or if they will still studying. Also take a little time to graduate is not too bad because you never will to know what new things can you learn in to elapse of the time you keep have the opportunity to think more in what to do in the future. Besides, if you have the capacity to remember things for a log time is not too bad the idea to graduate in three years. The only thing that a student need to know is make a plan for the future with clear ideas and be sure in what he/she wants.