Michelangelo once said "The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low, and achieving our mark." I agree with this because we should never set our standards low even if it means we will reach our goal quicker; we should always have a strong mindset in completing and tackling hard tasks no matter how hard it can be. This can be mentally be difficult for some people because they like to quit when something is too hard for them, this shows how weak-minded a person can be and end up never completing that achievement. If you're setting your achievement low knowing that you can complete it, why do it then? It will be a waist of time, and you'll most likely get no satisfaction out of it. Waking up in the morning and looking at your to-do list and seeing that hard goal you have to complete can really throw off people. They look at it and starting off their morning can put them in a bad mood. This can mean that the person is not mentally strong enough to finish his or her task, it can take weeks, months, or even years; some people just don't have the patience for it. This most likely means that you'll never complete anything difficult in your life and end up always choosing an easy goal knowing you can complete it in a short amount of time, That type of mindset will never get you anywhere in life, no one will want a lazy person working for them in the future; they'll want a hardworking and determined individual. A person should always set a task for them that is hard, but something they know they can complete. This can be working overtime at your job for that sports car you've always wanted or even just saving up money for retirement. Setting your goal low can mean the person will never grow up to be a strong individual or even be a hard worker. After completing your goal you should always get lots of joy, happiness, and satisfaction; if you're not getting any of those you're doing something wrong. It should never feel like your goal was just a waist of time, or you did this for nothing, you should come out of your goal as a stronger and happier person. Having a negative attitude can play huge role in why you're not completing hard goals. Two keys factors in completing a hard task are having the right mindset and having a positive attitude; Having neither of these will already be putting you in a major disadvantage. Throughout your day you should always have a positive personalty, who would want to talk to an angry and negative person? These are very difficult skills to learn it takes patience and time, but already having these two key traits can put you in the biggest advantage for completing your hard task. Not lots of people embrace these because they think they are useless that it has nothing to do with your mind but more about the actions of the person. In conclusion, I highly agree with Michelangelo's statement, it can sometimes bring out the worst in us, but that is how we grow and learn as a person. This quote separates the lazy week minded people out there from the hardworking, strong-minded, and positive people. Setting a hard task and taking the time to complete can influence yourself into completing harder goals you have planned for yourself in the future. This is how successful people are born and become who they are and make a name for them self, no millionaire would ever tell you to set your standards low just because you feel like you can't complete a hard goal; they would tell you to push yourself mentally and physically no matter what the cost may be. Some people are just born without that mentality that most successful people posses, you can't teach lazy but you most certainly can teach hard work, determination, striving, and dedication.