Although, I believe sometimes being around many influences, such as religions, trends, and different cultures. We all choose our own traits. Certainly, many things can influence us. Such as trends, for a couple of weeks, months or years. Many things could be trending. Like different genres of, movies, music, or video games, even clothing. At the moment when those things are popular it might feel amazing to own those particular things. Many people who can't afford things of such nature such as the latest cars, jewelry, and brands like Louis Vuitton, Gucci, Monster, or anything of type nature that is trending. People like teens or young adults might feel terrible because their friends could be having those things, and they can't afford it, and when they get some money they might go and spend it on expensive things to fit in. But as you get older, and the trend is over, most people regret spending a lot of money on things they didn't need. After the trends die out and everybody moves on to the next set of trends. People will start maturing and decide to wear, listen to, and do their own things, instead of being just like everybody else. Most people, if not everyone would prefer doing things they like rather than doing things they don't like because their friends want to do it. A majority of people in the world have made themselves who they wanted to be. Every person's interests can influence them more than any person or friend. If it wasn't for peoples interests, and wanting to be themselves whether they were accepted or not. Most famous people wouldn't be where they are today. A lot of people use their interests to get them out of bad situations, which brings me to my final paragraph. Following your dreams and being true to yourself can take you a long way. Although when people think of chasing their dreams, they picture being rich, famous, and living in a mansion. Others may think of starting a business with things they have a passion for and enjoy. Even having a daily basis of clients/ customers, even if its 5-10 people a day. At some point if that person stays consistent and humble, something big may happen for them and their business can just become huge, and they could keep on growing and having people who also share the same interests could come in on a regular basis. I believe everybody chooses who we want to be at some point, it may take time but in the end, everybody finds themselves.