Yes I think students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home in the way that they can be more ready to start the class, and they will focus.-The reason why i though that is because sometimes at school the students they have shame to show to other the best of them," the intelligent student told me that I can't do anything or I can't speak very well English" still if we want to make our goals we can do it. Without go to the school.-For example:If a student is on his house alone with no one told him what or how he needs to do the correct things, but he has a lot of question about what he is doing in his online class. He will try to find the way to solve the problem by himself.Also, if I was in my home find new information and I work too much during the day then I would be hungry then I can go to the kitchen for cook something very fast and go back to my room continue with my homework. And if I have a question I will ask for help to some teacher by texting. Eventually, attend classes at home with no pressure could make different and comfortable for the students who are shy or maybe need a teacher only for one student for explaining the class that the student is taking. Below for those students that don't like to wake up too early in the morning they have to choose to study more later since at night without necessary be ready for school. Many cases when girls are pregnant they can still go at school, but it was diff ult for them had to continue study and also after that they're giving birth too. I know that because a friend told me and another girls too, she told us the process that she has to pass during her pregnancy and after when she has her baby with her, I don't know how hard it is, but I can imagine in this position. So what my friend do? During her pregnancy she's still coming to the school I saw her many times she was so tired with her belly and then when she has her baby, yet she takes in her house the next classes I was surprise about it either I do not how uncomfortable it was for her that a teacher was with her when the baby start cry or when the baby need to eat, later she was done she back to the school, but she didn't feel ok for leave her baby at home. This story make me think about it if I have the election to choose how I can study I prefer study and take the classes in my house better that school. I think the students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home that's great idea. But there are many problems; what happens if the student do not have money to pay the online classes? Either their families do not have the recourses for help them another reason that's why we have to work and make money for us and we're missing many days in the school for stay at home because we want sleep more hours or we're coming to the school, and we are no pay attention what the teacher is talk about the class, So I think this if a student want money need to work and continue study online maybe in that way is more easy pass the class and the SOL. Attend classes from home by way online help this type of case the students go to work few hours and then coming home for the rest of the day to study, or another option is one day work and the next day don't and stay at home taking the online classes, in summary "NEVER GIVE UP" when we want something that we can't get it in nowhere only in our effort we can make that possible. Also, with some help ask when we do not understand something and put the best of us all including: try to solve the problems, research good information, and the most important thing that we have to do is study. Sometimes the other people make feel us so bad or without no reason to be in this world, go ahead and demonstrate to that person who do not believe in you that you can do it. During school year is possible learning for online or video conferencing, in the videos explain clearly what or how to solve math exercise or another kind of materials. Examples of benefit to attend classes at home are:- Spend more time in the computer-More focus in the homework-Use the iPhone for information whenever we want-Study all the day-No talk with your friends during your class-Finish more fast with no distraction that things are benefit if the students being to attend classes in their home in the winter they don't have to worry about how cold is outside in the morning or what clothes are appropriate for school, and have to coming in the school in a good mood for study and see somebody that we do not want to see and prevent be involve in problems with another student. Could fine stay at home by self in own class than go to the school. Many students suffer from depreciation and that is so bad for them. If they school giving to them the opportunities to take the classes online it is better for their healthy, this is my opinion about attend classes on the home.  