Today, in the actuality, a lot of people have a big dream that we can to complete have a better life for our future family or also to own self but a many people be surrender because most of the time have the failures, when they are doing something; I think that our life without the failures will be bored and easy because we don't have the energies to work hard or fight for our goals or dreams. I agree with Churchill's statement about the important role that failure plays in the pursuit of success because you can help others to complete their dreams or their goals, also you can have more spirit and a positives attitudes than you have in the begging, also you can be a successful and strong person. You can help others to complete with their dreams or their goals, because sometimes a lot of people who want to comply their dreams or goals they don't have the motivation of their families or the economy necessary to buy all the studies or all the things that they need, so when you finish all the goals that you make you, you can assist to others. I know an experience of child from Mexico, his name was Generic_Name. Generic_Name was a child with the low economy resources, I remember that he toll us all the things that he was complied to get a better life for his family and him self. So one day, Generic_Name received a big notice from a presidency of Generic_City, the place were we live, that he can have an opportunity to study whatever he wants. He and his family were happy for the big opportunity that Generic_Name have. At pass of the years, when Generic_Name finished study the collage, I know that Generic_Name is a big entrepreneur from a big company that he created after finished the college. Today, also Generic_Name likes help other people who want to be a successful in their life like the presidency help him. In my observation to be a good person likes Generic_Name makes that you have a lot of open opportunities to get the success or the things that Generic_Name every day was dreamed.Also, you can be a successful and strong person because all people knows that the life is not easy and less if you want to do something hard or something that you need to put a lot of time in it to pursuit of success and if you think that your goals or dreams are difficult to complete. Sometimes we need strive more that the people or your mind think. Another of my experiences is when was in Mexico, I was little girl, I remember that most of my days I talked with my family, my mother, my father and also sometimes with my grandfathers; about that I want study the High School in United States because I saw a TV Shows and movies shows all the schools and also my father lived a lot of years in this country so, he talks me about the schools, the teachers, the classmates, the classes and classrooms that were to different form my country, the lunchtime and I think that the thing that was more exercise was with the lockers because in my country don't have lockers or something to put our things likes books, pencils, notebooks and sometimes, the food. At the time that was grown up, I was continued with the same mentality to come to this country to comply my studies. I remember that have a lot of failures in the time to the arrival to the United States but, even if never let that my thoughts or the commentaries of the negative people will be fell bad about my big dream. I think that was a strong person because is hard to come to other place with different culture and customers in everything and also is hard and sad separate to the persons who love.Others might say that the importance role that failure plays in the pursuit of success does not matter, or they are disagreed because you can lose your forces to continue and accomplish your goals and sometimes this failure can make us fell sad. However, you can have more spirit and positives attitudes than you have in the begging because when you have a failure in something that you study a lot or put your all-time in it, you can have the mentality that you can to do well it, just you need to strive a little be more that you make before. This is one of my experiences in my life; the last week, in my History class with Generic_Name, we have a quiz form the first unit so, we did the quiz, but the majority of my classmates and me, we don't pass the quiz, my teacher talked with us to give us an another opportunity to pass it. A lot of my classmates tell her that they do not where thought that they can pass it even though they study a lot before the retake but, I have the spirit and the positives attitudes that I can pass the quiz with a good grade and study well at home. I think that my experience, it is good example because a lot of people who want to complete their dreams does not matter the times that they need to try to get a good result and a good recompense for the effort that they make. In my opinion, I think that Churchill's statement "success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm" it is important, and I agree with it because you can motive other people to be a good person with good feelings and goals, another reason is because you can to be a successful and respectful person, and you can have a good attitude through had a bad results, every time you need stay be happy. Most of the people we have the big goals to comply something that always we're dreaming.