Students would benefit from being able to attend a regular school more than an option for students to attends classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. Students will learn more if they go to a regular school, and they can help them self to be active in school or participate from sports, club member etc. Students would benefit from being able to attend a regular school because students will learn more if they go to a regular school and students can do better or focus if they're in the regular class/school, and they can ask for a help from their teacher or their classmate. The most important in a regular school is that you can ask your teacher face to face about your grade or your missing paper works on her/he's class. For example, Sarah is more likely to attend on a regular school more than an option to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing because Sarah is more having fun to go to a regular school to see her teacher, classmate, and her friends every day. This proves that Sarah is glad that she improve herself for everything especially for all her achievement in her life as a student. Students would benefit from being able to attend a regular school because they can help them self to be able to improve them self to be active in school or participate from sports, clubs member etc... Being a student you need to enjoy your life as a high school students because once you graduate or go to college you my not or my regret yourself for not trying/try to involve yourself to join some sports or clubs member etc. For example, Enrique loves to play basketball went he was a child until he's grow up, but he never tries to involve he's self to join the basketball team went he's on high school because he always said that he's not enough or not that good to be part of the team that's why he never tries to involve he's self at least one. This proves that involve yourself to any sports or clubs saw you will not regret yourself at the end. Some people say it's better for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. 35% of many students agree with that because it's boring, and they can't focus on school, and they have a work that's why they pick to attend from home by way of online or video conferencing. 65% of it will not agree with that because if you do the home online class I think you did not give your best or your not more focusing on your classes online. 65% people said that if you really want to be successful person you need to proved your education, education is the key of your life. This proves that you need to choose Wesley for your self, not only for your self for your parents also. Students would benefit from being able to attend a regular school more than an option for students to attends classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. Students will learn more if they go to a regular school, and they can help them self to be active in school or participate from sports, club member etc. You need to choose Wesley saw you can be a successful person. 