Imagine everyone or you having a great skill or talent that you don't even know about. You can do what many people can't do, or you can even make a game out of it. You can develop new skills if you try or even come up with a hard talent or an easy talent that everyone can see it and do it. Furthermore, you can also combine talents and skills you never thought you can do if you don't try it or see it if it can work with you or with other people. Everyone has a great talent and skill. Be the fastest and the smartest person in the world at math. Try to find out what's your best skill or what's your taken and if you are the world's fastest and smartest person at math you would have a good job later on for you. You can throw a football from the 1 yard all the way to 90 yards at age 11. You can never know what your good at if you don't try it out and if you can throw a football 90 yards from yard 1 at age 11 I'm sure later all the football team's would want you to play for there team. Try finding out what are you good at. You are the tallest person in the world. You are the tallest person who has ever lived and I think every basketball team would want you to play for there team and when you would run I think it would take you 7 steps from the half court of the basketball court. Furthermore, you are the fastest person in the world. Furthermore, you would be faster than everyone in the whole school and the fastest in the track team and could also go to the Olympics. Find out your best skill and what your good at. You can do what many people can't do in the world. You can develop new skills or make them so other people can see it and do it, or you can be even famous if you create a talent that know one has done or create the best skill's that people haven't seen in the world, and you can break world records that people have tried to do it but field. Everyone has a skill and a talent you just have to find it in you and trust your self that you can do it and don't give UO until you have completed it.