Some people argue that working in a group has more benefits than working alone. Some people also argue that working alone has more benefits than working in a group. Working alone is more beneficial the working in a group because, if one person in the group does not come to school the group will be short a person, if a member in the group does not care about the project, and not everyone is going to agree with each other's ideas and opinions. If a member in the group does not come to school the group will fall behind and not turn the work on time. If a person in the group is sick with a virus they would have to miss school and miss work on the project and that would hold back the rest of the group from turning in the project on time. When being put with someone who does not come to school will often cause stress on the rest of the group and also a delay. When working alone the worry of a group member not coming to school is not a thing because it's alone. When someone in the group does not care about the work the group will be held back because then more work would have to be done by the others. When being put with someone who does not care is hard because only the rest of the group is doing the work and putting in effort. Working in a group would also not be fun because you have someone who is not doing anything. When the group is working the one who does not care would be sleeping or on their phone. When working alone there is none of this to worry about because it is an independent assignment. When working in a group not everyone is going to agree with each other on the same ideas. If one person says they do not like that idea, the group would have to take time and all agree on something as a group. Agreeing on something would take up to one or two classes and that would waste a lot of time and put the project behind. When working alone there is not agreeing on anything, it is whatever that person chooses. Working in a group it would be more fun but when working alone more work can be done. Being pared with friends is nice but the amount of work able to get done when alone is a lot more. In a group there is more communication, sometimes that communication can hold someone back a negative impact their grade.  