Is doing your best a problem? Personally I feel like there is no problem by doing your best. You should always want to do your best no matter what your doing. But, some people don't like to try they give up so easily that they don't want to do nothing no more. Like me, I try my best but, sometimes I don't apply myself, and when I don't apply myself it turns out to bad results. For Example, Paul George, and the Clippers played against Los Angeles Lakers, during the middle of the game Paul's shots weren't falling, so he was having a low scoring game, but he still tried his best to get rebounds and steals to win the game for his team. For another Example Generic_Name had a test, and there were some questions on there that he didn't understand. So he still worked through the problems, and took an educated guess and still tried his best and got a 75 on the test. Usually Generic_Name get a B or above on tests, but he forgot that the teacher told him that there would be some questions on the test that the class didn't know. Final Example, my little sister is a basketball player like me and every Friday I go to ball handling to get my handles right. My little sister never done it before, and the class that we took was advance, it was easy for me because I have been doing it for so long. But, i look to my right and I have seen my sister struggling and my Trainer told her she was doing it wrong. So she dropped the ball and walked out the gym. After the training we got home, and I had a talk with her, and I told her I was going to help her out. I showed her the moves outback, and she started to get the hang of it, and now she's been practicing on the moves for weeks, and finally uses them in the game. But, she gave up the first time but, she was willing to try, and the results turned out fine because she tried her best. You should always want to do your best and not give up because if you do your best the turn-out would be great. It makes you want to work hard and do better at the things you want to do or get the things that you like. It makes you feel good because you know you tried to give it your all and wouldn't have to stress about it.