If School programs offerStudent to graduate early instead of waiting the four year to graduate. Graduating a year earlier would be a great thing for student to do because there are people who are trying to manage work and school, but it's difficult for some people because they can't do both, If they work, and they come late after work and the next morning they wake up tired from work that they are tired to go to school, and it makes it difficult to go to work and then go to school. A reason why I feel students should graduate early is because if they graduate early they can go to college, and if college allows them to choose their hours they can decide on what time they can go to college or the days. It could also depend on what you want to do career wise. If they allow that you can work and go to college, and it would make it easier for you and you won't feel tired after college to go to work. For example, My mom graduated early, and she was able to work and go to college as well. Another reason is that if you go to high school and work its difficult because you have to worry about school and work, sometimes that's a problem because when you come late from work and in the morning when you have to go into school your tired and you don't want to go to school and your tired, and you can't concentrate in school, but I feel like when you're in college you can choose your time and date, and it makes it easier for you. For Example, I have a friend who works and goes to school to, and he tells me It's difficult for him to manage school and work and sometimes he's even tired to go to school. Even when he's at school he's tired and can't do any of his work because he's tired and It's hard for him to concentrate. The last reason is if people were to graduate a year earlier from high school. They can also go to college and depending on what they want in their career, they could also graduate college early and start you career early Example, My Uncle graduated from High school earlier, and he also graduated from college which made it easier for him to start his own business, and it really helped him out in life and he's really happy because he graduated early. If you choose to graduate and do classes in the summer you would feel accomplished, and you would feel relief you won't have to be there for 4 years and only 3 years. If you finish early you can have time for work and college, and also you get start your career early, and you would feel happy with what you have accomplished. 