Benefits on working with a group is a better way to get work done because most students get to use different ideas, Helping each other out with different parts on projects finishing work faster, and communicating with each other is key if working in groups. However not everyone would agree with this position, because it benefits of working alone is most students don't have to wait on others to do their work. For example The teacher assigns a project and they have to be in groups of five and two of the students do their work and the other three don't do their work. It brings everyone else down. Working alone makes students not have to worry about others not doing their part of the work. Most students get to use different ideas when they work on groups. For example students get together to start talking about how they are going work together and start giving different ideas on how to work better as a outworking in a group makes students jobs less complicated and stressful by having others helping each overworking in groups students get to help each other out. For example each student gets to be in charge of one part of the assignment so everyone contributes and work gets done faster. Helping each other out is really important to the group and communication is key when students work in groups. Communication with each student in the group is really important if students working in groups want to get work done. For example each member of the group communicates with each other and work gets done faster. Communication helps in different ways, helping someone if they don't understand something, Giving advice to another student if they feel like they are stuck or need a different opinion or not agreeing with someone else there's always a different way to communicate that to each other. Communication is key to work in groups. Working in groups benefits one another by working faster, communicating with each other, helping each other out when someone is not understanding something and giving different ideas. Working in groups can be helpful if students know how to use it and take advantage of the opportunity. It should be the best way to get work done and be able to help each other out. 