Some schools use cell phones in the classroom for educational purposes. Students shouldn't use their cell phones in classroom for educational purposes It's going to be big problem with teachers and parents if they are using their phones in class and teachers are going to be consider about how bad they are going in school their grades are affecting them. I disagree i don't think that they should be allowed to use their cell phones in classroom It distracts them from learning and paying attention in class if they use there phones in class they will not know or learn the important information that the teacher is teaching cause what the teacher teaches is about what you need for your education. One reason is that They don't do their work if they have their cell phones they might be saying that they are getting their work done, but they are not doing their work their doing something else on their cell phones. For example instead of them doing their work in class they are really playing games, watching movies listening to music, talking to their friends on the phone texting them they spent all their days in school using their phones doing all this thing that they shouldn't be doing and that won't help them in their education. A second reason why students shouldn't use their cell phones in class is that they aren't learning anything in class they don't listening to what the teacher is teaching in class it's not helping them learn new things and have knowledge for other things and won't be really for quiz or test. For example when a test is coming up they don't do well on because they haven't been listening in class; they were too best using their phones playing games, watching movies or whatever they were doing on their cell phones so that's why they get bad grade on their test and have bad grades throughout the year then they can't do anything to get their grades up before the quarter ends. Some say that cell phones are useful for school to have them as a resource when they need to find information about things their trying to look for. But they are wrong students don't need to be using their cell phone in their classroom at all it just distracts them even more from what they should be doing because if they are going a project for a class they don't need their cell phones with them, they can find the information that they need by using other resource to get what they need for their project. For example if they are trying to find how to cook or bake they can go to the library and look for a book that are about cooking and baking, or they can also ask their teachers for help they won't need their cell phones to find their research. When we know that if they have their cell phones with them, they won't be doing their work they will be doing other things that aren't important. Therefore that is why students shouldn't be allowed to use their cell phones in class or when they are at school so that they can attention in their class and learning what the teacher teaching them every day in class and like that they don't get bad grades. So student don't need their cell phones at any point in school they shouldn't be allowed for educational purposes they don't need to have them to distract them from learning in school.