Many people love libraries, and they enjoy to share time with family, they would like to be like back in those days. Technology allow people to complete many tasks without having contact with others. Technology has a negative effect in people life because people life is passing in front of their face without knowing, technology hurts people in many ways, and make many people to feel bad with themselves. Some people think that technology is the best creation that the human ever made because entertain and help people to understand many things. Others believe that technology is an easy way to make assignments because Google have every kind of information. Still others argue that without technology this world would not be the same because doctors would never find the treatment for the sickness. Technology has a negative effect in people life because they forget to live their life and the time is passing, just because they spend all their time playing video games, in the phone, and they star to getting older and because the years are passing like nothing and really fast that when they react they would see that their best years just passing, without enjoy their time with the people that they love. Many people just react only when one family member death, and they start to think that life is too short, and it is why people need to appreciate and enjoy, learn new thing, meet new places, have more experiences, and also meet new people and learn good thing from them. Many people hurt them self in many ways for example physical and mental because physical they star to get fat, and then they do not take care about their health and if they do not take care who else would do for them, because when they star to get sick they just do not care about it, because they want to keep concentrate in their video games or telephone. Metal many people just not care about their future and goals, because they are really busy thinking how to get the most advance technology device and who is using in where they go. Many people do not take care about their personal life and after few years later when the affected would be them because they did not care about their future they would have nothing and the technology every year change, and get new devices. People need to think about what is the most important something else that is really important and needed or a device that in few months would be betters phone and other devices, because for example the a phone just come out every one want to buy, and the price is more than $1000 and after few months the price is lower, and they have another new phone, it is in what people want to spend money and time, first think and later act after they know is the best. Technology makes people to feel bad about themselves because now people believe everything that is posted in internet, only because some people said it etc. Others make their self look better in the phone and when they look their self in the mirror they hate their self, and sometimes people look other people in internet that they post picture they want to be like them, and they star to depreciate their self and start to search in google how to change or do something they can not do it or does not work they get depress, stressful and tired of their life that some search the easy way, that many people and doing in other country that is killed their self, so technology just affect people in many ways. Technology affect people negatively because people spend too much time on technology and life is just passing. Technology is taking over people, and into they get hurt with something or someone that they love they start to see that they are doing wrong, they get disappointment with themselves for being so stupid, people need to use less phone and spend more time with family and enjoy every second of life because life is just one and is really short.  