Do you agree or disagree with the statement of Emerson about individuality? I'm agree with the statement of Ralph Waldo Emerson, one example is because when you be yourself some people feel comfortable, but some doesn't, but there is nothing more important than be yourself you don't know the things you can get done when you challenge you. And yes the world is going to take you down, is going to face you with things that will make you do wrong things, or change your mind like trying to be another person. But you have to face it doesn't give the rights to people to take you down. People when they see all the things you get done, they start to hating you. But you don't have to listen to then you don't has to change your mind just because they are talking. Some people want to decide for you, I mean like for example; when you want to study a career but your friends, parents, etc. they told you to study something you don't like, you don't has to listen to them, you can make your own choice if you are a growth man you are going to do what you like, that's why you have to always be yourself, doesn't matter the circumstance. You see me my father just left, he let me alone with my mom she work hard that I could be here, and I see that that's why I'm always try to be my self I try to work hard ever single day because the effort she did for me !bruh! Is amazing. On my country the gangs shot you for no reason and I grow with my grandma and the gangs they live around us but all that I never change, I could ed be one of them but I grow with a perfect education and didn't waste. I didn't pretend to be a person that was not me and as the author Ralph Waldo Emerson said "is accomplishment to be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else"Always be yourself don't change your mind, because life is hard nobody said life is going to be easy you have to work hard for your own things, to be someone in this life and don't listen to the world because the world don't want to see you grow or happy. Don't listen to it. Just trust on god and yourself, and you will see the amazing things you can get done by your own. In conclusion, don't listen to anybody that is against your decision because that kind of person just want to hurt you.