I agree because being yourself is very hard sometimes and feel a lonely. Today is in the world nobody like to be all by themselves, but some people like to be themselves. If you being yourself you can do more work because nothing else to do and feel like board so let study something, work hard. How about your fun time go out with someone, you can't be work hard all the time because that is not a good experience. So I do sometime fun myself and be yourself It doesn't mean you can do any a good stuff. You can do something what is make you feel a happy all your life. Don't feel strange yourself and being strong. First, I like be myself sometime because that make me bring my own idea and also help me figure our myself. What is a good thing or what is a bad thing for me. That make me strong because I'm using my own bring and think twice myself before I do something. My first year was being American to be myself without Family, I feel very sad, and I said to myself I never want to be myself my life again. I want to go back where are I being came From, I don't want to be in American anymore because know language very important for me that time. I don't understand any English that time and I don't have any Friends. Furthermore, I still remember how hard the was being yourself, and I never knew be yourself Will be that hard, Now I know. Second, after couple years I make my own choose I want to be myself but no more sadness. So what I did was no looked what other people do and people I ignore with Friends they're all together or family because that make me sad. I couldn't told you how bad that feel was for me and I relax everything will be fine, I take deep bread. Now I don't worry about be myself anymore because now I know that wasn't that bad after you use to and also, infect that make me a little more independent. Third, Now I responsibility everything myself and be myself that make me diff rant. My last year was rafted because my faster Family said to me, you have to learn to do stuff by yourself. I am so nor vise because I can't do anything whiteout them, so I have to learn to be myself before turn eighteen. Now I did learn how to handle myself and take care of myself everything myself. Responsibility for my work and thinking about my carrel. I never can think I can do anything without them, but I learn to be myself first then I come independent.