Does true self-esteem come from praise or does it come from achievement? True self-esteem comes from praise because it can be motivating to students, it helps them want to learn more, and it helps the student to achieve any goal even if the work is not the students' effort. One reason why motivation can help a student build self-esteem is because when you feel that you're not able to do something, but if you have someone who's there with you, you are motivated to keep on going, to keep trying harder until you achieve the goal that you want. For example, the first time that I took the W!SE test I didn't pass the firs time, and I was close to pass, but I had my mom who told "don't worry you're smart, and I know that you will pass the second time" and those words motivated me, and it helped me to studied more and then when I took the test the second time I passed. Therefore, motivation can help students to build self-esteem and to achieve any goal. Another reason why praising students can help build self-esteem on them is that they may want to learn more if they got someone who's always supporting then and help them to keep trying, for example, when I was in elementary school I used to get awful grades, but I've always had my mom who has always supported me in anything, and she told me that I could get better grades because I was smart to achieve any goal, and it helped me to keep learning, and I was motivated to get better grades, in middle school I started to get good grades and now in high school I've got better grades than I used to get in middle school, therefore, praising students helps to build self-esteem on them, and it helps them to want to keep learning more. In addition, praising students can help them to achieve any goal even if the work is not the students the best effort, it helps them to keep trying harder even if things don't go well, and it helps them to never give up. For example, English is not my first language, and It was hard for me when I came to America because I couldn't understand anything, I couldn't communicate with other people who didn't speak the same language as me. When I first came to America I didn't like to speak English because it was hard for me to pronounce each word, but I had to learn English to communicate with other people. I used to cry because I couldn't understand anything, I couldn't even say a word in English, but I had people who always told me not to worry because I was smart and that I was going to learn English that really helped me to build self-esteem on me, I don't speak English perfectly, but now I'm able to understand and to communicate with other people. Therefore, it is important that we got people who are there to support us and to motivate us to keep trying hard no matter how hard it is or how hard it looks. Praising students builds self-esteem on them, because that gives them motivation to keep trying hard to achieve any goal, it motivates them to keep on going and to learn more each day, with people who motivate students, it does not matter how hard things are, they just want someone who is there to support them in anything. There are some students who don't like giving up, but sometimes if there is nobody who helps them to keep going they will stop trying, because they need motivation, they need someone who is there whenever they need them. My mom had always supported me and I know that she be always there for me, she will always motivate me, that builds self-esteem on me because I know that I have someone who will always support me and that helps me to keep trying harder and to never give up. If we got people who praise students, then they're going to build self-esteem on them.