Millions of kids graduated last year when taking the program for early graduation, this program helps student to only take three years in high school. Most of the parents, students, and the teachers like to see students graduate early in high school, and these programs are mostly in the U.S.A. Student who graduated early will have a lot of opportunity to finish school and have a better life, most summer school lesson can also help students to take less classes at school. It is a good idea for student to take only three classes in high school in order to graduate and go to college, back those days my mom use to tell me a story, about the opportunities we have in we that most people don't really care about. She used to tell me a story about her in high school, how hard it is to graduate, most people can take five to six years in order to graduate and go to college. And most people did-en make it to college, because they don't have the money to pay and it is really hard to find a job in Africa. Student drop out of school just because they don't have the opportunity we have right now to graduate in high school. Most people will say it like this, "Genius without education is like silver and mine". People are brave, strong, smart, last learning, and well-educated, but they just don't use it and decided to let it go. This mostly happened to people who have the opportunity to do the right things but decided to let it go, and my gran mother use to tell me a story. If you ready to help yourself, God will be ready to help you, if you're not trying to help yourself, God will not go to help you. All this opportunity we have are all helpful in many ways, taking three years in high school is very helpful for most of the students, reasons why graduation early in high school is better than waiting for four years are. First reason, the three years of high school helps student to graduate early and move on to the next level, helps student to finish school early and have a better life. Second reason, helps students learn faster and makes it easier for college, it also helps student to take less classes in high school. The last but not the least, summer school programs can help students understand better and easier than normal classes because, less distraction from other students and having opportunities to ask questions you don't understand. Student must take this programs very security, so you will be able to graduate early in high school or a small leak can sink a great ship.  