Once someone told me," Focus on your goals, and keep focusing until you reach them, it does not matter if it takes long, at the end of the day it will worth it ". I think it is a good idea if you identify the career that you want to take and start getting into it at a young age, because you will have more time to know and study about it and how it works, and it is going to be easier. It could be difficult if at the end of the day you are about to graduate, and you do not even know what career do you want to take. One of the reasons why you have to decide what career you want to take by the time you enter high school is that, you will focus on all your classes, but more in those classes that are related with your career, and you progress in school is gonna increase, and also your grades. You will be busy in a productive way doing things that will benefit you in school, because if you really want to reach your goals you will not have chance to waste your time, which is a good thing, instead doing nothing, bad thing, or only in video games. As how we are today, many teens are leaving school because maybe they think they found a better thing to do or because they took a bad decision. But for those who really want to be someone in the future and go for it, will have more opportunities, like Universities credits and in their future job by dedicating their interest in school and doing their best. Another reason is that your knowledge is gonna increase, which is also a good thing, because you will learn a little about everything. In any career, you have to know about everything, even if it is a little, but you will learn new interesting things every day, things that you did not know before, and your interest in those things will drive you to search more about it and make you feel that you want to know more and more about anything you are learning. All those are benefits that you can get by dedicating your interest in school. In conclusion, I think all students should have an idea of what career they want to take, by the time they enter high school, so their courses of study in high school can help them when they are ready to go to the University, to not be difficult to learn about it.