Having students take courses during the summer to graduate in three years isn't a great idea. The reason why I think it isn't a great idea is, students might need more credit to graduate, some students have jobs during the summer and could feel stressed working and going to school at the same time, and students like to take a year break off school. First reason why I think it isn't a good idea is because, students might need more credit and need to take more classes. If they were to want to do it but didn't have enough credit they would have to double up there classes and doing that, can make them feel stressed and pressured. Three years of high school isn't enough, in four years a student can join a club, play a sport and have regular classes and not feel overwhelmed, and doing all that can make he/she look good when looking at what college to go to. But if a student wanted to do all that while having way too much classes could make them feel overwhelmed. Second reason why, students have jobs when they start high school. We all people like to have money in are pockets and students get there money by working during the summer. But how can a student have a job and go to school, it gives less time for the student to do his Hopi which is working. In the summer a student wants to work to save up for a car or for college, it's the only time a student doesn't have to worry about school, they could just be focusing on saving up to go to a good college. Last but not least, at the end of the school year students like to go ahead and go to college but some might want a break to make money or think about what they want to do or just want a break of school. Having a break gives you time to work full time somewhere and save up for something you need like, a car, a house, or money for college. It takes time for you to be successful in life which is why you should take things slow and not make yourself stressed and tired doing everything fast. In conclusion, students who graduate in three years instead of four years, isn't a great idea. Students might need more credit to graduate, some might have jobs during the summer and if they were to take classes they could feel stressed, and some students like to take a year break from school and would want to be working making money for them to buy needs.  