I will always remember the first time I walk outside to enjoy the outdoors view. I could see the nice green grass moving side to side, smell the fresh air, and see the pretty nice tall green trees giving a nice long shadow to the ground. Furthermore, I can tell people were having a lot of fun by their smiles on their face, and by running up and down the field. Furthermore, I can see people are having fun it made me want to have fun too. Furthermore, I remember the first time I went to the Community Park, then I went to the State Park, and also I went to the National Park. The first reason, is when I went to the Community Park for the first time. I could see this big blue, and yellow playground. Also, I could see people running up and down at the Community Park having so much of fun. There was also other people playing tag with other people at the park. Lastly, the Community Park had so much fun equipment to play. Like the swing, slides, wall climbers and the monkey bars. There were a lot of people there, so we had to wait for our turn to use every equipment they had at the Community Park. Second reason, is when I went to the State Park for the first time too. I could remember walking under the trees with a nice wind blow to my face in a nice shadow made by the trees. Also, I kept walking, and I saw a lot of animals that were not attacking people. Animals that I saw were Frogs, Turtle, Fish, Lobsters, Birds, Snakes, Deer, and Ducks all over the park. Lastly, I saw there was a big river where people were fishing. Then Other people were swimming in the river water because it was a very hot day outside at the park. Last reason, is when I went to the National Park for the first time also. The park has a lot of fun things that we can go look at and visit animals at the park. The animals they can go and visit are Monkeys, Snakes, Giraffes, Turtles, Tigers, Pandas, Birds, Frogs, Crocodiles, Gorillas, Sea Lions, Donkeys, Horses, Lions, Lizards, Iguana, and Elephants. Lastly, the National Park has food stands were we can go and buy food if we get hungry at anytime. We can take brakes if we get tired of walking in the National Park and sit down. In conclusion, enjoying the outdoors is very fun because we can go and visit a lot of different Parks. I will never forget the first time I went to the Community Park, State Park, and the National Park because it's a very fun way to enjoy the outdoors day. I will never forget playing at the Community Park playground that day. Furthermore, I will never forget walking at the State Park river that day. Lastly, I will never forget looking at does pretty animals at the National Park that day.