Generic_Name March 18 2019Writting SOL Grade 8Before, I would always like to try and play the guitar. My brother would always try and teach me, Every time I hear the guitar, it makes me feel calmed. Also, when I was in Elementary School, I used to live in Generic_City, VA. The school I used to go to was named Generic_School. In Generic_School I used to be in band, so I would play the flute. I always tried to play the flute. I would never give up in something that I like or something the was my passion. Though, later on in middle school, when I went to 6th grade, I got in chorus. Once I got in chorus I thought I would hate that class of chorus, but later on I noticed I cannot stop singing. I always like to sing along with music or people. I am glad that I got in chorus in 6th because I found out myself what I like to do, and what I like to do is sing. Even though, what I still would like to do is learn how to play the guitar and the flute. Doubt I can learn, but I can always try to play hem or one of them. Another, thing I like to do is workout/exercise. Doing workout/exercise relaxes me a lot and makes me forget about a lot of family problems. I used to be in boot camp. I was in boot camp when I was in 7th grade then I in 8th, but I had to quit for a very obvious and hurtful reason. That reason is that my keep cap is out of place. I was support to get surgery, but my mom doesn't have that type of money to pay the surgery. Now, all I do is take pills that my doctor is recommending me but I think they are making me worst, but I take them because I have too. Sometimes, they make my pain go away, or they make my pain feel worst to the point where I fall in the floor. I don't really know what they are doing to me. Although I hope I get better by 9th grade because I want to join the junior army that is at Generic_School. I always wished to a nurse or going to the army, sometimes thought I feel like if I go to the army I would get hurt real bad in there. Even if I worked as a nurse in a hospital, I don't think I would fit right in. I feel like I can disgust easily, but I still want to help people, but I doubt'll fit right in. I don't think I'll have a great future. Furthermore, I can always try to get what I want all i have to do is work hard, and ill be able to accomplish the future I want and I've been thinking of, i just gotta do the right thing and also at the right moment. Hopefully one day everything I want to accomplish now that I can't do I hope I accomplish it in the future and I hope it turns out good too. The wishes I have of playing the guitar, flute, my knee cap getting better, joining the junior army, get in the actual army or just being a nurse I hope I can do all those in the future. I want a great big beautiful and wonderful future. I want to make my family be proud of me for once in forever. When all those have I accomplish by the future I'm going to look at the ones who would bully me or say things about me and just say what happened to you? I know for a fact if to accomplish those goals in the future they will become true. Some day ill be looking down at people who put me down even when I in a good place. In the future I also want to play soccer or basketball in 6th and in 7th i would love to play basketball. I would always go outside and go to a basketball court and take my basket ball sometimes with some friends to play with, or sometimes it used to be with my stepdad. I have never tried playing soccer cause playing soccer looks hard to do, but some say playing soccer is very easy, thought it doesn't look like it. Furthermore, I have played with my brother before but I'm always scared that my brother is going to kick the ball too hard and accidentally hit me. Hoping this summer I go to the store and buy myself a soccer ball and a basket ball for the summer to go out and play. Maybe with my brother to play soccer or even to play basketball but I doubt so I don't even know. I'm not very good ATR basket ball, but I sure can throw good in the hoops.Also, always wanted to be a professional coach in basketball but for that I need a lot of practice and me trying hard, but I also want to focus on school. Though what I really suck in school is Math, Civics and Science and I don't know how to get better in those three classes I try too, but I always fail and always get and F or a D. I don't know really how to bring my grades up in those three classes. Yet I still look forward an amazing future that I probably cannot have. Even thought what I said, I always got to try on something that I want or else I cannot get it. That's why I always got to try on it. Hopefully bringing my grade up can help me on something because I really need to bring up my grades I've been getting close too in other classes lately but in those three I can't. In the future I will just not now because I can't just try I can't say yes I can know I cannot at all. I wish I can ask for help, but I am always scared to ask teachers in front of everyone else, so I leave teachers notes witch is very embarrassing but at least I'm trying to bring up my grade. I'm just trying to make my family proud for once in a while. Furthermore, I will not only make them proud because I'll also make myself proud, and look up and thank god for helping and thank my dad that is in heaven that is right now watching me, hopefully. I have so many wishes and dreams in the future that I am looking forward too, but I don't even know if I'll be able to accomplish it and make it. All I'm looking forward too is to accomplish everything and make people happy and proud of me and I'm trying to be proud of myself and feel like myself for once in a while. All i have to say is that, no one should give up on their dreams or on what they want to do because I know everyone can do it, and they accomplish there dreams, you can always make everything right you just need the right moment and need for us to be strong and do it. Never give up on big dreams like these. Everyone should try to make the best out of you.