One thing I would like to accomplish is to lose weight for three big reasons. The first big reason is to do it for my health. The second reason is that I want to inspire other people that might be overweight and give them hope that they can lose weight. My Third and final reason is that losing weight is just better for me in general it would boost my self-esteem and help me be not so self-conscious. To better explain my first reason I will talk more about it. The reason was that losing weight would be better for health. You see bad things can happen to you when you are overweight such things as diabetes that is a sickness that is a result of being overweight. Some overweight people find it difficult to walk or to do something simple because they are carrying all that extra weight on them. In fact I sometimes find it hard to do exercises in gym class that most people would find easy to do. There are many heath risks when it comes to being over weight and that's one of the reasons I want to lose weight. The second reason I want to lose weight is that I would like to inspire other people that are overweight to try and lose wight. If I lost weight that could encourage other people to lose weight as well because they can say to themselves a person who was where I am lost weight and I can do the same. I have a saying it's "when you help someone you help everyone" an example for that saying would be if I helped someone want to lose weight they might feel the need to help other lose weight. So I hope that I could influence a sort of butterfly effect starting with me inspiring someone to lose weight and that person inspiring someone else and so on and so on. If I lose weight knowing that I lost weight not only helping myself but also others I would be proud of myself. My third and final reason to lose weight is that it would be better for my self-esteem and help me be not so self-conscious. If you have any insecurities than you know what is like to want to get rid of those insecurities. One of my many insecurities is my weight and I think that if I got rid of that insecurities it would better my self-conscious and make me think good about myself. I just plainly think that I would be better off losing weight because I would think better of my self. In conclusion one thing I want to accomplish in life is lose weight. There are several more reasons I could list, but those are my main and biggest reasons I want to lose weight. I want to lose weight because it's healthy, because I want to inspire people to do the same, and because I want to boost my self-esteem. Losing weight is the one thing I want to do in life and helping others is also something I love doing.