Is homework club good. Do you agree or degree? Homework club is good for the people how are failing, and you can do your homework at homework club. I agree that homework club is good for are school. Do you like seeing your kids failing there classes your in luck I will tell the positive of having a homework club for your students how are failing and, I will tell you the native of having a homework club? If you are thinking about how munch it cost to have a homework club don't worry about how it cost you should only think about what happens if you do get a homework club. I agree that homework club is good therefore all the students how go home work club are getting good grades. It has been proven by smart people that people how go home work club get better grades then others students. The students can do homework in homework club and ask for help by the teacher. If you are a teacher how is reading this what are your opinion about homework club. A teacher probably want what good for there students, and they want to work after school with them. Ones I went to homework club I got help by the teacher, and she helps me to understand the subject that we were working on. Then the next day I went again to the homework club to study for the test that I have the next day. I took the test, when I got the test back I got a 100% on the test, ever since that day I went to homework club every day. The only bad thing you should worry is what if the students are only going there to talk with their friend after school. I think that homework club should be added to every school, so they can improve there school. When then other school how good your school is doing they are going to copy what your doing then the farthest of the students will be good, so they can get good job and improve the world some way or another. The county will look at your school and will give you more many than you can improve the homework club and make your school better.Therefore, homework club is good for the students and I will give you advice. You need to have a homework club for your school, so they will have an opportunely to pass their classes. If you do not an agree about having homework club for your students. If you do put homework club in your school you will see the improvements in your school like grades and, student beaver. I hope you add a homework come for are school, so we can improve are grads and, do better in are classes.  