My mom always tell me" keep going until you reach your goals, never stop". I believe that if we are always doing something we can accomplish more than we can imagine.First, you should never give up on something, it might not work the first time but if we are working consistently on it, one day it will become a reality. For example, when I started 11th grade I was not doing well in Chemistry. I remember each day getting into the class and always starting with a warm-up about moles. The teacher gave us about ten minutes to solve the problems because they were easy, however; I always got almost all of them wrong. Almost all my classmates knew how to solve them, so I was too embarrassed to ask question in front of the class. My friend who's also in Chemistry, understood how to do those problems and much more about chemistry, so I asked her to help me. With her help was able to do the problems on my own because she taught step by step on how to do them. As a result, my grades improved a lot. If I'd decide to just let it passed I would've never been able to see how far I could have gotten if I always keep trying. Second of all, you should always go as far as you can, never stop at on point just because you think is worthless, or you are not going to make it. For example, the women whoare my manager at a fast food restaurant she started as an employee. Most of the coworkers told her that it was going to be challenging for her to be a manager. They were trying to make her stop doing something she wanted to do for her future, they told her to just stay there and see what happens next. Instead, of listening to what people were saying, she worked really hard and accomplish a lot more than she could be able of. If you really want to make something happen, you should always have to work for it, and not think it will just happen as a miracle. Third of all, some people may argue that doing something over and over again will never work, however; many people are able to prove that this statement is not true. For example, in a TV show about a girl who was always working toward getting into collage failed many times, but she never gave up. Because of her hard work and desire to keep working no matter what, one day she got accepted into a really privileged collage. By always doing something and never giving up is the key to accomplish everything. To conclude, in order to get something you should never stop working for it. Most celebrities and rich people are where they're now because they are always doing something to make their dreams true and if at one point they had stopped I don't think they would've been successful. This world is full of opportunities but only those who always are working and never stopping are able to take advantage of it. 