'Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.''-Churchill once said this phrase during WW2 to tell his people that it didn't matter how many battles Britain was going to lose but that they were going to win the war. Personally I do agree with Prime Minister Churchill many times on my life I have fail, and fail again, but I got up because I knew that there was a good price at the end. Humans now at days think that life is all about planing the future, and they all just trying to avoid problems, trying to live only winning but to reach success there must be a long journey of lost battles, of big problems, but you must stay put because it does not matter how many times you fall you most get up again, and again. My Dad once told me ''Always try never give up''. Back in 2014 it was my first day on the soccer academy been playing soccer as a defender all my life but this time it was my first time training in such a good team I started training every day make some friends too. A few days later the first game came I was not on starting line up or on the bench I wasn't even call for the game I was upset but I though that it was because I was new in the team, or the coach didn't know me well. The next day during practice my coach call me out and told me if you wanted a spot on the team you need to work harder after that day I knew I needed to start training more, going to the gym more often, and I start eating more healthy a few days later during practice I started seeing results I was getting stronger, faster, and skillful a few weeks later I got called for the teams fourth game, but I was not in starting eleven I was sitting on the bench the all game I was upset I thought I was failure once more, but I never gave up and the next day I was back practice, eating more healthy, going to they gym more often. Halfway during the season one of the starting defenders left the team and I knew it was my chance I started, and I play all the game and I didn't just prove my coach that capable more importantly I prove my self. Later during the season in one of the last games in one play I dislocated my arm and that meant that I was out for the rest of the season. After three long months of recovery after was healed I started once again training harder, eating healthy, going to the gym more often getting ready for the next season. Beginning of 2015 that season I was chosen as team captain and I played all the games all that hard work was worthy at the end. It doesn't matter how many times I failed I never lose my enthusiasm because in life we are going to have many failures, and we will feel life given up but we most get up and keep going it doesn't matter how many times we lose a battle our main goal must be won the war because just like Churchill failed again, and again but at the end he won the war with his people I also failed in my team again, and again, but I won my own war at the end.  