Is technology a positive or negative effect on human life? Technology is a negative effect on all human life because it is a limitation on communication. With technology there is no talking to others, so you become socially awkward. You would not be able to talk in front of a crowd, and you do not go out to meet new people. People become socially awkward by not having the practice to communicate with others. You can not spend the rest of your life shopping online hiding from people. People who do not socialize hide their face when speaking, they can not even order food without getting shy. It is sad how the world is relaying on technology to do everything for them. Something that is amazing is having someone to talk to in person. You would be able to see their emotions and feel their energy when you are talking to them. People are not their just to listen but to also give advice to you. I do not think technology does the same. It does not ask how was your day or how are you feeling because it is not human it is a robot. When you do not talk to enough people in your life you start to become shy. You will start to realize that in almost every job you need to talk in front of a crowd of people. Even if you can not do that you will have to because that is part of your job just to communicate. That is why in school they start to teach you at a very young age how to communicate. Teachers sign presentations for the students to get comfortable talking to others. Practice is the best way to handle talking to others because talking through the phone and in real life are two different things. When talking on the phone you do not need to see the person you are talking to, or you can even just hang up. But in real life you have to learn how to start a conversation with someone and keep the conversation going. People do not go out to find new friends. Yes, it is awkward going up to someone and saying, do you want to be friends. But that is where it all starts by making one friend you have achieved a lot because now you have a friend that you can talk to and not feel alone. You can not stay at home just being online. You should ask your friend do you want to go watch a movie or go eat. That is better than staying at home a playing games all by yourself. Yes, you can talk with your friends and play games at the same time, but it is also important to change things up a little. Just once in a while find something else to do rather than sitting at home. You can do a sport. You communicate a lot when playing a sport. Being at home you are just surrounded but technology, and would never really get away from it if you do not try. Another thing: making friends on social media is not the same as in person. There might even be a chance you never meet the person you met online or might not even be the person you thought they would be in person. In conclusion even though technology is a great way to communicate with others that are long distance. It is still important to communicate face to face. Even if it is just for a couple of minutes you should still have someone to talk to. So that later on in your life if you get a job that involves you talking to a crowd you would not be scared. Also going out once in a while it is not bad. You should not just stay at home playing games with your friends asked them do you want to go for a walk then you could talk to them in person. It is always a good thing to stay away from technology just something's. There are other things that you can do even alone. You can read a book, sketch and color, or even just have a nice relaxing walk just to think. Technology should not stop you from having a good life and communicating with others. Just remember technology to some people is everything but to you, it should not be.