People can form their own character based on what they choose to make it. A person is given the responsibility of choosing whether to do the good or bad thing. For example, if a person hears that their friend is in a bad situation and then choosing to help them out, they are showing that they are capable of make their own character. Others may say that people do not get to choose their own character because it is beyond their control. However, people can determine their own character based on how they want it to be because they know what steps they have to take in order to achieve their goal, they know what is best for them, and they know what they want to become in the future. Knowing what steps to take will help the person make the right choice in defining their character. People tend to ask other if the choices that they are making is the right one, but instead of asking others what they think the person has to be confidence in themselves that they are making the right choice. For instance, if a student wants a good future they have to work hard and study in order to accomplish it, and not choose to go the wrong way. On the other hand people may say that having a second opinion is a good thing, but that is wrong because it may cause them to doubt themselves. This is why people should first plan their transaction then take action on it. People have the free well to choose what they want to be and what is best for them. A person knows what their interest are, so they choose according to what they like to do the most. Furthermore, if a person finds a job that they really like and want to get it, they will work hard for it. Some may disagree with this because others may see that what they are choosing to do is not the best thing for them. This is why people need to think about their choices before doing anything. People can choose their own character and what they want to become in the future. People could choose to became; artists, actors, singers, or doctors because they have dreamed of becoming one of these seen they were a child. For instance, they would have to focus and work hard in order to achieve their future selves. However, others may say that it is impossible to become what you dreamed to be in the future because they will face may optical in their lives. On the other hand, if a person really wanted to become that person they will work intensively for it. A persons' character can be constructed by how they choose make it because they know the course that they have to take in order to achieve their goal, they know what is best for themselves, and they know what they want to be in the future. For example, If a person wants something badly, they will work persistently for it. Another example is that, the person will prove to everyone that they are capable of achieving their dream, and that it is possible to get. People should choose to make their own character because they will be comfortable with their choices.