I always say attitude is something that make big change. If you have good attitude maybe you always stay happy, because the people with good attitude never had problems because they take everything with calm, so you need to have a good attitude because that can help in the future to open door, inHIGH school, collage, university, and your job, you can ascend if you ascending you have more opportunities to make more money, you can make all that just with you attitude is easy to do. If you have a nice attitude you never have problems because, some people thing fight is the better way to resolve the problems. For example, other people thing different from me, they think if you does like to fight you are Hen, and they think, they are better than everyone just because they like to fight. I think is better be humble, relax, crazy , funny, but always with a good vive, never with negative you need to be happy how you want with you want. That no matter what other people say. Positive attitude is the key to be success in life, sometimes others people say that can make feel bad they does thing before of say that, they does thing, if how you are going to feel good when you listen to her, or, hem, But need to think about that if you want to do you can do. Don't listen to the people with negative thought. Everything is on you own if you want to do you can do never say, I can do it, before star to do remember if something is hard you are going to the right way. Some people always go over you, don't want to see you happy, they try to such you on the bad things, all because you are, amazing with everybody you are friendly and they don't like that but is no problem,sometimes when you no talk with no one they think you are a bad person, if they maybe know how you are. So live your life how you want, life your life on your own way be happy with your. The most important thing be with a good attitudeEverything is on your own. If you want to have a better future, or life you need to make an effort, because nothing ISS easy in the life. If you have good attitude you can do everything you want. You need to give all your effort because if you no try can no due, for example. Many people born poor but, they decide to effort they dream. They trying and trying they never stop to trying and now Thea are professionals. Another example. The soccer player some of they were born in colonies poor, and that no better for they, they never stop of following they dream. So now the has everything of want when they want so if they try so hard we can do to. They do everything because they have a good attitude, if they were born poor, and now they are rich we can do to, never stop of fallowing you dreams with effort, sac rice, a good attitude everything is possible. You have the key on your on. Attitude is the key to be success.