Today schools offer many tools or ways to complete your diary learning process. One of these tool is called "school at home" or "distance learning". Basically students can complete all their schoolwork and learning process at home through different methods like, in this case, the students attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing, but is it perfect for the students?. Probably not. It is known that students learn how to be sociable at school, and also they learn how to act at to many social events or situations in the daily life. For example, we have a group of students, they are all the day working in a classroom with other students and friends that they knew at school; and we have a group of students that take "school at home ", they do their school work in their houses, and they just can socialite with they family at home. How can you learn how to be sociable without socialite with new people? Different from your family ?. The answer is: you can't. Talk with new people improve you confidence and helps you to make new friends, and as students or young people, we do not used to try to talk with new people, because we are afraid, we don't have self-confidence, etc. and school force us to be social with our partners. Moreover, some people claim that school is not a good way to improve your social abilities, but that people passed and important point and is that the school is the best way to improve your social abilities. For example, you (as a student) are working from Monday to Friday at least six hours per day with other students and teachers in different classrooms, the students aren't going to be the same in each classroom. All these factors made you get used to different personalities or behaviors of your teachers, friends, and classmates. School have to many people with different behaviors that can help you to understand the way that people act and how to be their friend. In addition, school teaches you how is going to be your life when you grow up and trains you for that. There are to many similarities between school and a job, for example: the schedule that makes you get use to the early woke ups, the homework that make you understand how long can be a job journey, and the teachers and students that represents your boss and partners at work. All these examples of how school trains us for our future. Without all the training that the schools gave us, it would be a problem to get use to or daily life when we grow up. All these reasons show us that school will benefit students more than "school at home" or "distance learning", because it teaches us how to be sociable, it develops or social abilities, and it is a necessary part of our training for our adult life. In conclusion, school trains us as people, it teaches us how to socialite and work.