To see someone impression, that might be possible to Chang. Because the majority of people might be mad when from something when we see them from the first time, I disagree with this statement because most people Chang there impressions when they're in a specific mood, Some might change after a problem has been solved. Because when I was longer from now my dad always use to tell me"too mach agreement kills a chat". Many people Chang their impressions after the first time we see them. So I have a friend who always Chang her mood by any time, sometimes she would come to my house and knock on the door even if we were just argued about something, but when I saw her the first time when we met she was very nice and my parent invited her to my house and her first time her impression was very happy and interested to see us and learn about our culture, so when I saw her the next day we were so happy that we met. And I told her my trip how we came to the US, she was so impressed to know more about us, But some time she would change because of her parents and when she's sad she comes to my house and tell me how she has been and how her family is with her, and I was listened to her as she tells me every thing, But when someone come to our house and see's her like that they say that she's wired from how she acts, but her first impression wasn't like that, she changes with what impact throw her life, and we're a teen also, Every day my parents sees her they say that she's very talented because she has a very good voice and I used to be so happy to see her singing because she had a good voice, but her impression changed after I saw her how she reacts with others, and I used to get surprised of how she's different with me then others, but now I found that people are like a door each person need a spacial key to open them and understand how they feel and think. To see people's impression, I have to look at them when they are in their good time that will Chang the ideas. And to affect especially forcibly or deeply to someone's mind when they see some one impression for the first time. I encourage everyone to change their opinion about the first impression are almost impossible to change. Because the majority of people impression can change their over time or by the area sou rounding them, and fiber out how make time to understand how it goes and how people their features from influence by the society around us and how I said can give the impress with your severity follow people's impressions, and literally the word impression is the since of feeling in how someone's feeling from siren situation. Seeing the reality, Most humans have their way of reactions to react to every thing they can show or Chang by somehow in their life, In this period of time no one like to listen to someone's story, Real people who show their impressions by the area sou rounding them it effects us as who we are and the time that we are in, So the place that we are often been can effect our impressions, The place that we have been raised in can impact on our impression. People's reactions might Chang after an accident happen to some ones in the past It can be a very big and huge Chang for someone's reactions if we see them the next time or day. Places and moments can be on of the reasons why people impressions are mostly can change by this way, This kind of things might be wired to be impossible. Emotions and there behavioral changes in some bodies depend on how they think by a word or emotional appearance can be changed with their behavioral, and some might be in need so bad for something and that can also shows their impressions behavioral Chang. When I was in my country many people came to the area where we live there was so many that your mind can't relate to what we see, and we all were very nice to them, and we gave them many of the things that we have and as much we can, There were so many kids from them, I used to be real sad when I see them like that I refused to give every thing I can to them but some of them was very hungry and some are mean, but I said to my self in my mind that their impression won't be like that if they weren't in need like that. So to see people impression we have to see their past and what they have been thrown, Many of them change there mood, and some might change after a problem has been solved.