Has anyone ever shared wisdom with you? Well my grandpa did before he passed away, three years ago my grandpa died because of cancer he struggled and was fighting through but still never gave up. My grandpa once said to me" giving up is just for lazy people that don't care about life, so fight through until your successful". My grandpa was a very Wis man, he loved sharing wisdom with anyone that was having a bad day. Well how can you change someone's day by just telling a Wis thing, has anyone told you anything that change your life and why you should never give up. You can change someone's day by just saying good luck. Last year I was walking to school, I was very scared and worried because I had a unit test. Then this lady came and started talking with me, she asked me questions and suddenly said good luck that made me so received and I got this feeling that I was going to do good on the test. You can change someone's day without you knowing that you were actually Wis and helped change their day. When someone gives you a chance to tell you Wis things always accept and just listen because one day you may give it to someone else in the future, and they will pass it on to other people. Has anyone gave you widow? My grandpa did once, it was the best thing I ever heard, and I still remember the day he told me, it was the day before he died I have a feeling he knew that he was going to die the day after. My grandpa was a very caring and nice man he loved everyone. Every day, I remember going to the hospital any wonder why did he have to die and leave me. Wis people are the ones that can change the world, make an impact on someone's life and are the believers. Sharing wisdom is not bad it is a very important thing to other people because my grandpa said "giving up is just for lazy people that don't care about life, so fight through until your successful" from that day I always try my hardest so if he is watching me he knows that he impacted me in so many ways. I have shared wisdom with my friends my favorite one was, believing in yourself is the key of life, that means believing in yourself is what is going to get you through life, tough times, and challenges. You should never give up because if you do, you will regret everything in the future. Giving up is not going to make you successful in any way in life. Giving up is when you never got to hear a word about believing in yourself or you have never accepted a Wis word from anyone. People can just say anything to bring you down but fighting through is the opposite of giving up. My parents always told me to never give up because giving up means you want to shut anything in your brain and not do anything about it. Wisdom can change a way of how you're feeling and the ways you can change the world anyway or anytime. If you are going to give up, there are a lot of people that are going to try helping in life so take the chances they give and believe in yourself. Wis people can change the world. Giving out wisdom to anyone is the best feeling, and you should never stop giving it out even if it's the only Wis things you know. Wisdom is the most important thing to everyone. Wis people can change your day around in many ways. Wis people can impact your life. 