If you ever get a chance to go on vacation, it should be the Bahamas. The Bahamas will blow your mind away. The Bahamas will have everything you want to see. It will also be the best place you've ever go to in your life. You would want to go to the Bahamas because the beach is crystal clear. You can see all the baby fish that are swimming around you which is so cool! I always try to catch one, but it never works. There will also be very colorful snails stuck on the rocks. They look poisonous, so I never try to touch them. You can also go surfing there. I am too scared to surf, so I just lay down on the surf board and relax. There are coconut trees near the beach which looks really cool. One of my favorite parts is when big boats pass by and big waves come your way. Another reason why you would want to go to the Bahamas is because the restraints there are like no other restraints here. The restraints there look big and fancy. The best part is that you get to eat at a restraint for every meal because there is no store there for you to buy food and cook it up. Although that may be a little expensive, but you have to keep in mind that you are on vacation. It takes about ten to fifteen minutes for them to serve your food. I don't know about you, but to me that is not long at all. The food taste so good! They also never overcook your food too! One of my favorite dishes is the shrimp pasta. If you go to the bathroom it is spotless, and it smells good too. I hate it when I go in a bathroom that is dirty and smells bad. Another reason why you would want to go to the Bahamas is because of the awesome, clean, and fancy hotels there. The hotels there are nice and refreshing. It is spotless. There are two closets, two beds, and one bathroom which is pretty good if you ask me. There is also a big TV right in front of the two beds. There is also free Wi-Fi for you to use, but that is kinda unless when you have a big TV right in front of you unless if you want to play games on your phone which is what I do. There is also a mini fridge for you to put your water so when your hot just grab the icy cold water out of the fridge to drink. The best part is that there is air conditioning, and it actually works. These are all the reasons why you should go to the Bahamas. All I am trying to say is that the Bahamas is a great place to visit with your family and friends. If you ever get a chance to go on vacation, go to the Bahamas and you won't regret it.