In this generation people use Technology for their needs and wants. If there was no Technology than I would not be able to take my writing SOL which I am taking it right now. In my opinion I believe that the limitation of human contact due to the use of Technology had positive effects on people's lives. People use Technology to complete many tasks throughout their lives. If there was no Technology their would not be any improvement in our lives neither country. People can contact their family with video calls to see their families that they haven't seen each other for years. It has been 7 years that I am living in the United States of America and I can't go back to my country for various reasons, but I have been in contact with my family every day, which makes me really happy, and feel good about it. Nowadays, everyone need Technology for everything. My friend father is an engineer, and all his work is with computer, and Technology. If there was no Technology he wouldn't be able to complete his task or learn new things neither earn money. Technology saves Millions of people lives in many ways. Many people do not have money to take tutorials for their kids, but they can use YouTube and Google which let them learn in a better way, and without paying any money. In fact even though if you had money you could save your money and use Technology/ Internet for learning. My parents never took me to any tutorials not because they didn't have money but because they wanted me to be independent and use Internet to learn more. Technology had helped me a lot, and will be helping me and millions of people in this world. I think in this Generation If there was no Technology people would not improve or even learn anything. I have learned from Internet that you can read books online instead of going and buying. Technology has let people gain education and experiences through our lives.There are thousands of disabilities in this world which they can't go and work, but they use Internet to sale some stuff, so they can earn money. My cousin is a specialist, and he was born with not having one of his leg. He was so depressed and didn't have any confident that one day he could work and earn money, but with the help of Internet I have thought him to buy some clothes and other stuff and put it online, so people can see and buy it. Technology has lots of benefits that we humans are so lucky of being able of using it which some people can't, because of various reasons. It has been 3 years that we have opened our own clothing business in Unites States of America, and as we all know it's really hard competing with clothing stores here in the USA, but from the time we started putting our clothes in websites and becoming popular day by day we are making lots of profits which makes us really happy. Technology has a positive effects in our lives which a lot of people agree with my opinion. I agree with that, that Technology also had a negative effects in our lives, but also that depends on the person itself which decides how to use Technology. Most of my friends make fake accounts on Instagram and Facebook to bully people which a lot of people die from being bullied. Technology has a lot of advantages and disadvantages that we can use form it. Some people's use Internet for watching bad videos, making fake accounts and put fake news on websites and hacking people through social media which are awful, but there are only 5% that they do those things, and not everyone which we should think of the other 95% of using Technology for their needs, and the benefits of gaining lots of education. In my perspective I believe that the use of Technology has positive effects on people lives, because we human are earning money out of Technology, learning new things, and gaining experiences in our lives with the help of Technology. I think there should be a way of blocking the bad websites and making securities for people making fake accounts and for people that bully others to stop it. In my opinion we should think about the benefits of Technology than the negatives because. If there was no Technology our lives would never improve, and we would not be able to learn new things. Technology allows people to complete many tasks without having contacts with each other. My dad has been in Generic_City for 30 years and his job is sailing Fabrics and all his customers are from Generic_City, Generic_City, and Generic_City which they have never been in Generic_City. They have founded our sites through online, and buy from us. My dad has never seen most of his customers in real lives they only have been in contact. We should look at Technology from a good point of view. In General, we have the variety of reasons that we could use technology of our tasks to be completed. Technology could be good and bad in both ways which we human should decide of how to use it either of our needs or for negative things. I believe that technology has had positive effects on people lives.