In this prompt we are going to talk, and choose if we accomplish more by doing more things in the world, or does inactivity also serve a purpose or not. We all have a different opinion when it comes to things like this choosing between something different. Well we actually do accomplish more if we do more things for an example say someone wants to become a doctor we go to collage, we do things, and we learn, after doing all that we all accomplish something because we all did something to succeed what we love. Therefore, a reason why doing more makes a person accomplish something is because doing more, and learning more teaches someone things they never learned before. So by that we mean that once a person learns something they have never done before they start loving it and start doing it. Other reasons and examples why doing more is better is because when the person does more they have all the energy to do it which is honestly a good thing because once a person learns something that person just wants to go to collage, graduate, and succeed which is something we all want. Here is an example why it is that we study a lot and try to learn things it is because we want to grow up, succeed on what we love doing, and also to accomplish new things we have always wanted to try. When you start learning new things, and get the hang of it all everything will just become easier for someone, and also things they always wanted to do will just become easier for that person too. Another thing is that when we keep doing things it will just be done faster like it said in the prompt something Thomas Jefferson wrote, "Determine never to be idle. It is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing." which is honestly facts we do get things done faster if we just keep doing it, if we just keep trying without stopping, and I mean yes taking breaks on important things is good because we all do need breaks at some point to be honest but also getting things done is better and once someone gets things done they feel really proud of themselves, all of us do because it is a good feeling to finish things that were hard, and stressful. Another good feeling is having nothing to do when you are accomplishing things, and succeeding too.