People tend to think that setting a goal high to achieve is a smart idea. While the other side thinks that setting a goal low is the better. Although some people may hate setting a goal high and falling short, it can cause a person to give up, but they forget to neglect the part that goals or achievements come in different shapes and sizes. People should be aiming their achievements high because people can achieve more, people can feel more motivated, and people can feel more successful. Some people may not agree with this position because setting a goal to high and then falling short can cause a person to feel less motivated. They believe this because when setting a goal high, and it fails, it can make a person give up and not try. They may think this because when giving up on a goal it can cause a person to feel empty and wanting to not try again. This shows that some people are afraid of failing, and when they do fail it makes them not try again. However, the oppositions looks over other important points. People should be aiming their achievements high, so they can achieve more. When a person sets their goal high, it could mean they are setting multiple goals and not just one, having one goal is great, but having multiple is also fantastic. This can also make the person feel good about themselves, knowing that they have accomplished more than one achievement. It can also make them feel proud about themselves. Even if a person failed one goal that doesn't mean they can't accomplish other goals. People cannot accomplish every goal, all goals are different from one another, but other harder goals can be accomplished. People should be aiming their achievement high because it can make a person feel more successful. Once a person has completed an achievement it can make them as if they succeeded. It can also help with their confidence, it would give them less anxiety. It also shows that the person who is working towards his or her achievement can do so much more. It can also help some people in the future because they have the confidence they need because they hit different goals. People can also feel like they did something with their life and not feel like they did not accomplish anything in life. People should aim their achievements high because they can feel more motivated. Setting an achievement means working really hard. It means you must focus on, it should be the only thing you are working on. Most people in their mind focus on this and this is what motivates them to work on one person's goal. In their brain they get this sense of energy, their brain is telling them to work on their goal. That is what make some people want to work towards their goal or try to finish their goal. So this is why aiming your goal high is a good thing, motivation, success and achieving more can help a person in life if trying to complete an achievement. People can get scared of goals, they are afraid it could fail something could go wrong, but the thing is in life you will fail, nobody is perfect, people will have got over their fears and accomplish their goal.  