Why do we need to seek guidance from experts and authorities about life's important matters? Why can't we make our own decisions? It's because the adults knows what's best for their kids and they have been through everything that we are experiencing right now as a teenager. Or is it because they would like to keep us safe and make good life choices in the future? But, I think we should make our own decisions because we know what's best for us, we can learn from our mistake, and we want to be more independent. First, when we do something bad and get in trouble for it, we know not to do it next time. For example, I had a friend, and she decided to go to a party and I told her not to go because it's always a fight. Well she went and ended up getting hit in her face. I tried and warned her, but she makes her own decisions and I wanted her to make her own decisions, so I let her go. Now she doesn't go to parties anymore. Then, we know what's best for us. If we know something we're doing is wrong, but everybody is doing it too, then we will do it just so they wouldn't make fun of us, or we want to be "cool". But, I only do it one time, while other people keep on doing it. For example, when we choose the wrong groups of friends to hang out with. Knowing they are bad, but sometimes they bring out the other side of you that nobody has seen, or they get you in trouble just so you can fit into the group. Then you wonder why you even became friends with them in the first place. Last, we don't listen our parents or any adults telling us what's right and what's wrong. We would want to figure things out by ourselves and be more independent. We know when they're telling us that we shouldn't do certain stuff because they did it before when they were younger. But we know what we're doing (well at least some of us know). Sometimes we don't tell our parents what's going on at school or on social media, but somehow they find out what's going on with us. We sometimes try to hide the problem and solve it our selves, but it doesn't go well. In conclusion, teenagers today will want to do everything and not listening to the adults. When we get older and start to understand why we did all those crazy and nonsense stuff in high school or middle school, like fighting (knowing it's not going to solve the problem), making fun of other people (knowing that's not how we would like to be treated), and smoking (knowing it's bad for our lungs). We just wanted to be like everybody else". But, at the end of the day we learn from our mistake and become a better person in life. 