Just listened that people started taking classes in summer for graduating in three years, Where are the breaks? Don't they need any break? Even machines don't work perfectly after being used continuously for a long time. Doesn't the same go for humans? In fact, we need more break because we have a lot to do with friends and family. What is the purpose of going to three year graduation if you don't get time to spend with your closest ones? One year is not a long time if you are in a productive environment and surrounded by positive people then why to go for three year graduation in high school ? High school isn't just about graduating it is about making memories, spending time with friends and learning to socialize. High school is the time when everyone, even the most innocent start to get off their limits, and it is when the fun begins. Everyone like to have fun, joke around with friends and skip the school for no reason. It may seem like a child play to most but those who miss this part, miss the most enjoyable days in their life. In the old days it is not money or success that makes you happy, it is memories from your past that bring a light, wrinkled smile on your face. Memories are memories you can let them die but what will you do of your interest, interest never leave. It will always hunt you in your dreams. If you are scared of failure and not fulfilling your wishes never leave the electives, which you obviously miss if you go for three year graduation. Electives are not needed for graduation, but graduation only doesn't serve a purpose. If you can't have a class that you enjoy because of three year graduation then, interest and wishes are worth giving an extra year, and you also get so much with it. Human beings don't need much to be happy even a small success or a short class that gives them pleasure can have their face bloomed for the whole day. More ever, high school teaches taking mature decision and have good manners. It is not that we get an extra decision-making class or manner class in high school but being in high school itself teaches taking better decision. Being around with people teaches us to behave accordingly. Having many friends and busy time schedule teaches us to tell 'no' sometimes. It is the place where most of the people struggle and get a better direction in their life. Everyone becomes a better person when they graduate from high school compared to what they were in their middle schools. Being a high school student it is not wrong to dream for one year faster graduation for the sake of one year job experience and one year salary. In my opinion, one year of job experience and salary is not even close to the memories you have with your friends and the happiness you fell when you come to school. In the nutshell, every one of us know that college life is not so enjoyable and fun as school life. We hope to do so much but can't accomplish our wishes in the whole college year. One extra year of high school can do more than ten more years in life. Is a year too costly to spend for the lifelong experience and knowledge? Of course not. Some may think that three year high school saves a lot of time but trust me, it will be the thing that you will regret most in your old age. This four year of high school is the golden time for everyone as it gives the lifelong memories and a never ending satisfaction to each and every student who has attended high school.