Success Consist of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. I think he is said is right you never give up on anything, you are always going to wings, and sometimes you are going to fail. Because that's how you are going to wing never giving up. There are a lot of stuffs that I have been done on my life, that now I start thinking I never finish what I start. But I don't give up I know I'm going to end up doing them soon. For example there is a lot of people that have the motivation, then they start winning and fail ones, and they give up. When you love something you have to chases it because then you are never going have it. Failure is a really strong word that nobody likes to like that hear some students get upset for failing a test or class they can't be late because they want to win is just like work if you want to start getting paid more you always gotta be on time and all that. So you can become better every day. Soccer is one example about success soccer you got to learn a lot of new stuffs, Because you have to do a lot of practice. To win you have to do something, and do it right all time. We all hate failing I hate failing, I always think that is just a waste of time. I fail so many times but I never give up because I know that I have to finish what I started ow you are going to successEnthusiasm that's what's the way to success on your dreams if never use that enthusiasm to do something you are going to be good at it, you might fail more than ones but still think about what is going to give you. And just think positive that you are gone be useful. Lets said that i m trying to go to collage, and I stared to work and stared to get a lot of money and all that. Then I think about going back to collage and think of all the work that they do and all that I'm not going to keep going. Because I lost the enthusiasm that I had. Why because I stared to get more stuffs, and I won't feel successThats why I agree with what The British prime minister Winston Churchill said. That to get where you what you got to fight. And never give up on what's coming next yeah sometimes you're going to fail but get up and keep going, so you can be success and become better and always have a good enthusiasm on your life because everybody deserves to be success. Never lose your enthusiasm because that's your key to success.