Just like some businesses schools should adopt a four-day school week with each day consisting of ten hours by making the school day two hours longer. To conserve energy and resources some businesses have adapted a four-day work week with each day consisting of ten hours. Should this school follow this model by extending the school day two hours? After considering the benefits and disadvantages to a four-day school week. Some believe that changing the school week to only four days is a bad idea because less school days means most work is not done and students will have extra time they don't need. Other people think a four-day school week is an effective way of conserving students energy while keeping the same passé. People are still arguing about this issue. Schools should adopt a four-day work week because students will be productive, It is healthy especially for students that work and have time for family and friends. Four days of school week help students to be productive. To be productive you need two things energy and motivation. Most students have the motivation to work but they lake the energy therefor they need four-day school week. By extending the school day two hours we can achieve the same amount of work by working only four days. For example one school day is consists of for classes and one class is one hour and forty-five minute long. When we extend the school day two hours long for four days it covers the same time. That helps us to use own time efficiently and increase productivity in the school. Learning four days week also help students to be healthy specially for those who work on the regular days or weekends. People need enough amount of energy to get through the day without fatigue. The only natural and healthy way of get rid of fatigue is sleep. Many scientific studies say "Kids and Teenagers need at list 9 hours of sleep!" having four day of school day a week gives students one extra day of rest. It makes a big different and very important for students health. The final reason we need a four-day school week day is to give students time with their parents and friends. Parents and students want to spend quality time together, but they are not able to because some parents work on the weekends or the students work on weekends. Four days school week is the best solution to this problem. It gives students the attention that they need form there parents and spend some time with their friends. If we can change the old school system by this new and effective four-day school week days It will be beneficial in many ways not just for students but for teachers and parents. Students will be productive, health, and they will have more time to spent with there family and friends.