The School Board plans to add one and a half hours to school each day. Is that a good or bad idea? I disagree with that because, many students have other activities after school. It could also affect the teachers by them staying after longer and kids would just have to take in a lot of new material including homework and it's not healthy for them. I feel like when they add extra school hours to the day it would mess the students schedule up, they could have sports after school or tutoring. They could really enjoy their activities and for them not to be able to do any of that anymore does not seem fair." I have soccer practice every day after school and I love it, and it would be a shame if I had to give it up because of more school." The parents would also have to change their schedule because they could be at work and then have to leave to pick up their children, they would also not have as much time hanging out with friends or family because school would be their main focus when they could be outside being kids. However, students enjoy seeing their friends at school and saying "hello or hi" we need more time to communicate as well, so our friendships don't fade. Teachers as well would have to work longer shifts, and they already stay after grading students papers while they also have to find out what the next lesson is going to be the next day. They take time out of their day to help the students who are falling behind in the subject and need a little more help to make sure they succeed in school and in their future. Teachers also have families just like every other person in the world, which means they should be able to go home at a good time and help their children out with their work or be able to cook dinner and take time out to care for their kids. Teachers need breaks as well they work very hard to maintain the material we need to understand. They leave the school late like 5-6 and when they leave they look exhausted just imagine them leaving at 7-8 including the fact that they would sometimes stay after helping students and that makes the student tired. We need to give teachers some credit and not push the limits for them as well. Students stay at school for eight hours each day and if you extend it to nine and a half hours that does not seem like a good amount for students. If they get a lot of work on top of their homework that could stress them out, and because of that their grades could go down because of too much work. We only get three months from school and some shorts breaks, and then we have nine months of school, and then you add another hour then what is the point of a break when you just make the school days longer. Kids love going outside and doing there hobbies they can't just sit in a chair all day that also just makes them more irritated. Students also have test's and quizzes including homework each week. If you add more hours kids are probably going to fall asleep and not pay attention which would lead to not participating, students would not have a good attitude either because they would be grumpy and upset that the school day is longer. Our brain can only take so much, and they would over do it which is not good for our health. We sleep 9-12 hours a day and have another eight hours at school, and then we come home and do more school work and study which leads us pretty much with two hours of they day for us to eat and get ready for bed, just so we can do it over again the next day. As a student I feel like that would be too much. We are people not robots we need to live not be stuck in a building all day long. We have family and friends that we want to spend time with and that won't be able to happen if they change it because," they think we need longer days." Yes we need our education, and we will get it, but for now we only live once so need to make it count and focus on the present.