Although some people say that classes such of art, music, and drama should be electives because you let students think on themselves, actually some say that students must be required to take drama, art, and music classes because regarding these classes students can earn a lot of experience in this area and in a short future they will be contributing to the culture of the nation. Often people comment about the classes that students are taking on school. They are agreed that art, music, and drama should be electives because you let students think on themselves. As every person in this country we must let them take part of their own decisions. Let me remain you, when you were young there are a bunch of classes that you didn't like to take, you complained a lot. It's the same with these classes. Students must decide what they want to do in order of their own benefit. Many students don't even care about those class and their grades look affected because schools required them to take those classes. People suggest that students must be required to take drama, art, and music classes because regarding these classes students can earn a lot of experience in this area. For instance, we are in at school!. We are connected to other schools we can make events and build good relations between students in order to let them gain experience. As soccer, basketball, baseball, and football also we can create competitions to motivate them. The kingdom university during 3 years asked 100000 people" How do they feel about competitions"and the 90% of people said, competitions motivate you, is not matter what kind of competitions the human nature always wants to win. In other to this some schools are more likely to invest money on those areas. Culture is a good reason why students should be required to take art, music, and dramas classes. When we talk about culture we have to do mention that it does a huge contribution in the society. For example Tourism, some research showed that the 70% of people who travel to another countries just to know how their culture works. Like in years before the music had been changing. The United States of America have long history in music like Jazz, Rock, Heavy Metal and so on. That's why music classes should be required for students to maintain the culture of music in our country. When we talk about art everyone has heard about the famous Leonardo da Vinci and his picture of the Mona Lisa. Outside there is good amount of artist who became famous because they impressed the world with fantastic pictures. Drama, our world is an age where we use the social media for many reasons and social media need authors. Example Hollywood every year produce movies. All those authors have a perfect home, cars, and many facilities to live. That's why students must be required to take drama classes because many of them can have the opportunity to enjoy a life like this. Some say classes as art, music and drama should be electives for students because the own decision is important but classes such art, music and drama must be required because it gives the students the opportunity to gain experience in those areas and contribute to the culture of our society and nation.  