Is it a good idea for students to finish high school in three years and enter college or the work force one year early?. Some students take courses during the summers or in the evenings or may not be able to take elective courses that allow high school students to graduate in three years instead of the traditional four years. It would be a bad idea as students need more preparation before go to college, because students need advanced classes, time to know what they want and get more opportunities that help them in college. Some Students don't be prepared go to college when they graduated. Because some people know college is more difficult than schools. For example: My sister graduate early to high school and go to college, when she takes the test she don't know the answers; because ask her about classes that she never see in high school, she lost the test, and she had to pay for take that classes before to start with her profession. Is it not a good idea to graduated early as students can get all credit in high school and star to take more advanced classes that they need to college. Some students take one year more in high school to take advanced classes. For example: my best friend don't have the money to pay college, and they want to get a scholarship in high school, he has all the credits and sol's that he needs to graduate, but he takes another year; because he wants to take advanced classes like physics or difficult classes that he needs in college, and is it opportunity to learned classes that you need in college free. But if a student have just three years to graduated when they go to college they don't know nothing classes that they really need. It would be a bad idea to allow students to graduated in three years as they don't be prepared to the college. Students need to experiment elective classes and find what they want because some students when graduated don't know what they want to do after graduated. Some people said is better go to college one year early and be professional early however a good professional is not who get all diplomas early is who have the more experience and know more about that. In conclusion, allow students to graduate early is a bad idea. Students need prepared more before go to the college and get time to take the opportunities to take advances classes or get scholarships that they really need in college. A good student is no who finish their high school early; is who know and learned more that they need.