One day Generic_Name had to go somewhere important with his family, but the problem was that he also had school to attend to. So he decided to do a video chat with his class, so he didn't he didn't have to miss anything from school. Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. Doing line stuff and video conferencing is a great way for students to stay on task with their work. I think that students would take the beneficial of being able to attend to school from home because they have responsibilities and also a future ahead of them. First reason on why students should take the beneficial of doing school from home is because they have responsibilities. What if you get sick and don't want to miss anything then you can just video chat with the class. Your family decide to take a trip somewhere on a school week what do you do. You take your school stuff with you and a laptop to talk with the class. You can't miss more than like 9 days of school if you do you automatically fail, and that's your biggest responsibility on not failing, so you can take the advantage of video chatting with your class. Those are the reasons why I say students should do a video conference because they have responsibilities. Second reason on why students should take the beneficial of doing school from home is because they might want to have a future ahead of them. When you are in your senior year that's when of got to step up your game. What if you miss the bus or don't have a ride, and you can't get to school then you obviously just video chat with your classes. If you don't understand with your school work you can do learning stuff online, so you don't feel behind. Doing online stuff as well help students who don't know what they are doing and feeling left behind. Those are the reasons why students should do video conferences and online stuff because they want to have a future ahead of them. Lastly, some people don't want to take the beneficial of having video conferences or line stuff to do school stuff at home. The reason why they don't want to do that is because when they are home they just want to have free time not to do school work at home. Also, when they are sick they don't do anything because they think that they don't have that much work to miss. Well you see when you are home not doing anything then what are you getting done obviously nothing because they think that when they go back to school they won't miss that much work. That's why you should either do online stuff or a video conference with your classes, so you don't miss anything or be left behind. Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. There are many reasons why students should take the beneficial of doing stuff like that because they have responsibilities and also have a future ahead of them. 