There was a girl named Generic_Name, and she wanted to play violin like she used to. Generic_Name was struggling. It was not easy on getting back to playing it. Generic_Name practiced every day no matter what. Generic_Name made a lot of mistakes on the way, but successes at the end. When you accomplished something; you have failed before you could have successes. Failing can cause before you succeed because you try to get where you are, you make mistakes, and you can make the wrong choices. To begin, failing can lead to success because it happens before you succeed. For an example, you tell yourself that you will get your work done for all of your classes. Then you end up not understanding the work, but tried and turned it in the work. It can also be doing all your chores before you could go out and be with your friends. For another example, you had a lot of chores to do. It was getting late, and you have finished all of your chores. At the end you could not go out, but finished with all the chores. It can also deal with reading a book. For an example, you want to read a hard book and fins hit, but you end up reading a different level and finished the book. These examples show that you fail before you can succeed. Secondly, failure happens before you can accomplish anything because everyone makes mistakes. It can be when someone is trying to make a cake. For an example, you try to combine the inderigdeints, but they were not the right indergridents, Then next time, they put in the right indigents. It can also be about when someone is trying to practice on their driving skills. For an example, The driver practices every day, but makes many mistakes. Later on, gets better at it. People can also make mistakes by giving people directions on where to go. For an example, a lady needed help to get the location at the supermarket. The lady asked an old man where it was. The old man gave the direction, but made a mistake where the supermarket was at. Then the old man told the lady that it was the other way. All of these examples show that mistakes can happen before you can success. Lastly, failing can cause by just making the wrong choice. Such as a girl wanted to try out for outdoor track, but she loved playing softball. The girl tried out for track and made the team. There was a problem, she couldn't[t be on the softball team because it was too late. The softball team was full. At the end, the girl should have made a better choice. It can also be about how you want to turn out your day. For an example, the boy wanted his day to be fun, but the boy was paying attention in his classes, so he was sent to the office. This turned out to a bad day. Then he apologized and made his day better. This all shows that making the wrong choices can lead to failing on what you decide. This all sums up, that failure can cause before you succeed. Others say that failure does not happen when you succeed, however, I say that it does play out before you can success. Failing will always occur when you succeed. You push yourself where you want to be, you make errors, and doing the wrong decision are all reasons why failure can happen before you can success. Do you think there is failure even when you succeed? 