The influencing some people UED or belief that are for make a money or make more friends for having good relationship with people are rich and have many service with other country are so much rich, benfic, and other things, That he can do for your job or family has the life resolve and don't need said other people help for having good life. Influence sometime is when you have friends, the friends say do this not happen or make bad decision like rob, kinll other people. The friends you want or interest is because is the "THE MOST POPULAR" in the school or where you live. If you don't want this in you life you ask why are done this?, this I want in my life?. You need thing very caution for not make things in one day;Some people are in the jail because they are done befriends said, and now this people are in the jail. I think the influencing use for many reasons in this life, you can use for:make a money, friend,do good thing not bad things with other people do. The friend are never you friend because if you have god said don't do this because you problem with the police, in the school or maybe with you parent's. When some people said this is not you friend is because there are not your correct friends, the friends are doing god think for with have problem or go to the jail. When you need something the real friends are for you. The influencing is what in you life you want include other people with god things for this people do the same you doing with the same people. The best way to influence is doing god things other people belief in you, never thing if I doing bad things I'm the influence, I'm the most popular in the school or village. Only you do if doing bad things is gone to the jail or make many problem with the people are closed with you, you need make are god decision in you life because if you don't doing has so many problems in you life. Influence is not better with other people, you influence is were you doing with you friends or new people you never see, if you want god person you need or change you influence because if you doing bad things the person never want you friends because they not want problem or go the jail for make a Cob there not want. Some people belief that you do bad decision or make something very bad you not are god person. Other people said if you believe in this is because you never thing you can do god person in the life. You don't change if you not want but member if you want the other people belief in you and with you influence you need to change you influence. The influencing is the best or the influence is the better is the same for me because if you trying do god person and change you influence you can do. The BES influence is make god things for other people need help or do something specialize for you friend or family. The better influencing is you change because some people said or you family same need you change you influence because the influence one day you used for you dream job or when you go many offices for job, some office said you have god influence with other people work different country. If you not have or has problem you never have god influence in job. You need god influence in the future maybe you used for make money or relationship with others people are in your social class. Also, you need god influence in this life, you never think when you used the include, donig good thing but never take bad decision in the life. And the end;If you have god influence with other people never take or make bad thing that you go to the jail. 