Considering businesses have adopted a four-day week, is probably good for them. On the other hand, maybe students in school can handle that. This would come to no harm for our society. We could make this a habit if we wanted it to be, just have to take some action in this. More energy would increase if this would happen. It could change many things, specially recourses. This also can come with responsibilitiesWell, were trying to help students out more if we change a full week, to a 4-day week. There would be no harm. Although, it may affect some students. I feel that, more energy, will come more than students. Coming to school with more energy to a 4-day weekend, students would often get things done more. This would be no harm to us. A full week might just be little too much. If businesses changed the policy for a 4-day week, why not use schools change that. This would benefit us students to get things done. Some of us students have sports or work after school. This policy would benefit us to do better in school and out of school. If schools allowed this, students would benefit this as a gift. If we was able to take a vote on this, I personally think our schedule would be changed for good. Although, this policy can come with some responsibilities. Maybe most of us students can also handle this policy. By extending school day for 2 more hours isn't a bad thing. Maybe for this policy to change, would require more school hours in the day. Furthermore, some of us students wouldn't mind that. Regardless, this helps us get more energy for sleep hours by making it a 4-day week. Energy is important in this topic. Although, this helps our environment with no harm. This wouldn't be a problem overall. For example, How much energy would be transferred into a 4-day school week than a full week, way more and there is nothing wrong with that. By handling business, taking care of things, it's all about responsibilities at the end of the day. All were trying to do is help our community and our resources. Students would benefit this and would be a helpful to us. As us students would have to take action into this situation. End of the day, we just want this to help us for the real world and specially after high schools or college. This could all depends on the energy we bring also. If this policy changed, we will all be still in good hands.