I disagree with Emerson because if they have already mastered, and they still want to try something new, it's good for them, and they will grow up by the time they figure out what they want to know more. While you already mastered, it doesn't mean you known everything in life. Emerson wrote, "Unless you try to do something..." You should do something more than what you have known. For example, "You want to study more languages than other people, and they keep telling you not to do it." The reason they say it because they think if you are good in one thing, you should only focus on that things and try to do as good as you can, but if you are a person who are interested in many things, you shouldn't listen to them. Keep follow what you are interesting and try to do it. If you want to know more than a language or want to try to do something not your domain, and you have no skill in that things, you should try to learn what you're interest, and try to talk to a person who is spoken a language you are interesting, and asking a person who have known about the domain you are interesting, and try to do your best in that thing. If you're a person know one thing and only focus on that thing, sometimes it is good because you are so good in that thing, and you can help other people what you are good, but it also not good because you don't know anything except your master degree. When you're interested in many things, people can't despise you. If you try to do the domain it's not your skill just try as much as you can to study that, then ask for help to somebody good in that domain. Eventhough if you are a person who don't have any interest in other thing, you're still good but keep in mind if you want to do something not in your master degree, it will be challenge you because you are not know anything about that domain. However, try something new beyond your mastered will help you, and it's good while you are a person have a lot of dreams, and your keep follow your dream and don't listen you other people against what you are interest.  