Imagine if you are in school, and they decide to change to four days of school, but they also will extend the school day two hours. Your parents get angry because is the closest school you have, and it's fifty minutes away from home. What would you do if your house is too far away? School should change to a four days school because students who live far away will get tired, the students who work after school will lose their jobs, and will not have enough time to spend with their family. These changes will bring problems for these students and I will tell you why. First: Students who live far away will get tired. These students will not have enough time to do their homework because of the time they spend in their journey back to home. This may be a problem for the students who want to stay after school. They will be not able to do it because of the time. In my case I'm tired because I don't have the enough time to sleep. Scientist says that students might sleep for nine hours, but I can't because of the time I spend working after school. Second: These new changes will bring problems for the students who work after school. They may lose their jobs because they can't be on time. The students who live by their own will not have the money to pay for the things they need in order to graduate. 50% is the percentage of students, who work after school, and they will get in serious problems if the school makes these changes. They will get bad grades, tired, and also this can make a person to think about doing bad things such as robbery or drugs.Finally,; These students will not have the time to spend with their parents. Parents enjoy spending their free time in the afternoon, but this is a problem because of the four days of school. Student do not have the time for their parents, because they arrive home late. These students will feel they are alone without any support. Because OS the amount of time they have with their families. Some students say it is a great idea to change to four days of school. But they are wrong because of the students who live far away, it will be hard to finish their studies. In conclusion school should not change to four days to because students will get tired, lose their jobs and will not have the time to enjoy with their family.  