When it comes to trying to be someone, is it better to improvise or follow the script all the time? Everyone needs to have their own individuality and be original instead of trying to be something else because that way you learn more about yourself. Also, you are acknowledging different methods about how to be better than yourself. And one of the most important things, you could make a good influence in someone else's life and teach him/her how to find their path in their own way. No matter what happens, you always have to follow yourself. When you learn more about yourself it means that you do not just learn things that you already know about yourself, you also learn new things that you did not know about yourself. For example, one day you are going to the basement of your house which is huge and put some good music. While you are listening to your favorite songs from your playlist, you are dancing according to the tempo and doing the dancing moves that you usually do. After dancing for a long while, suddenly you let the music take control over you, and you make a backflip without practicing it before. You are very surprised because you did something that you did not know you could do and after that, you keep practicing that move and perfectionism it, and it comes out natural. That is how you learn more about yourself. You are acknowledging different methods to be better than yourself. This means you will do whatever is right in order to become a better person. For example, Robert Downey Jr used to have a terrible life by consuming drugs and other things that got him in trouble with the law. He even went to court for all the messy things he did. After a long time taking bad decisions, he finally decided to make things better for the people who care about him and specially for him. It took him over 5 years for him to get back on his feet; with his own effort and the support from his family and friends, he started to make a good difference for the world. Right now, Robert is one of the best actors in Hollywood, he has an excellent life with his wife and kids on his side, and is a great influence for millions of people. That is how you acknowledge different methods to be better that yourself. Some people say that you are copying someone else when you try to be yourself. However, they are wrong because you actually are listening to those tips that you have heard and following them under your own perspective. That way you are definitely writing your own script but at the same time, giving the deserved credit to the person who gave you those tips. For instance, when you are trying to get a girl that you met at a party, but you have no idea of what to do in order to get her attention. You ask your friend for some advice to accomplish your goal, so you do not go through a bad experience. He tells you what to do exactly and shows you with some women at the party, and now you have some ideas of what you can do. So before you reach out to that girl, your friend tells you "be yourself all the time" and you get the courage to talk to her. After following those examples in your own way, the girl started to have deep feelings for you and everything worked out a lot well and make some influence to some of your friends who need that kind of help. That is how you follow your own script with your own terms. In conclusion, it is very important that you have been yourself all the time because it shows that you do not need somebody in order to be somebody. You learn about yourself, so you can get to know your own person more than you can know about an anime character. You acknowledge new ways to become better than yourself like if you were in a video game, you are going to the next level slowly. Furthermore, you make a good influence by doing things as right as possible, and you give people some benefits out of it. To be yourself you have to do what your gut tells you to do if you think it is going to give some benefits in some way.