Should the school break system be change to 3-4 week break in the summer, a longer winter break, and a week off in the spring. Some educators feel that the summer break is too long and students do not retain information as easily when they return in the fall. Others argue that summer break is for students to take a mid-break and stop think about school. Schools should not change the break system, because many students and parents had already planed, what they would do during the summer, and because many students work, and by changing the break system it could affect them, and because summer break is for students to relax, get a mid-break and stop worrying about school. The school break system should not be change to 3-4 week break in the summer, a longer winter break, and a week off in the spring, because many students work during the summer and many jobs do not give students the opportunity to work only a few weeks or days, they want students work a lest two months, so they can be able to give them the jobs, otherwise they would give the jobs to peoples that can stay more time with them. For example, I work during the summer, and the company that I work with, only gives jobs to persons how agree to stay more than two months with them, if the school system change, this clear is going to affect me, because I'm going to lose my job, and it would be difficult for me, to find another job during the break, because most of the jobs do not want people, how just going to stay in the company for a few days or weeks. The school break system should not be change, because students and parents have already planed, where they're going to go, and what they're going do, and if the school change the brake system, most of the plants that they had already made it, are going to be destroyed. For example my bother and my parent visit my grandparents every single year and if the school break system change this could be a problem because they would have to come back more soon, and probably they may not go. The school break system should not be change, because students have the right to have a long break and stop think about all this worksheet, quizzes, and tests that, they had already done during the school period, summer break should be a time to relax spent time with family and friends and not a time for be thought and worry about school. Considering all this factors that I just talk about, I clear believe summer break, should stay the way it's, because it has being working like that for many years.