The example is a good setting to influence other. The people more understand and accepted by the example. The example help people to understand more. The people accepted the idea by the example. The example is the best way to make the people know the idea. More advantage, more accepted by people, and more understand are why the example is a good setting to influence other. Even thought, example are more advantages and influence to others. Examples make the people to understand the idea. When someone gives you examples for title you will understand easily and quickly. Examples make the main idea enter to the people's brain very quickly. For example, the examples make the people more knowing about the others by know what the others want and need to understand the idea. The example is a good way to explain the idea to the people. The people want more examples to understand the idea.First, examples make the people accepted the idea very quick. For example, the idea needs many example and details to understand it. When someone gives you idea with examples and details you will understand it quickly but when someone gives idea without examples and details you will understand very slowly, or you will not understand either. In addition, some people understand the idea and title by the example and details. Finally, the examples and details is the best way to explain your own behavior to others. Thirdly, The examples are the good thing to understand others by influence them. For example, if you want to understand something you should know some the example for it. The examples make you know the idea. When you leading by example your idea will influence others. Addition, you can make your idea easily by add examples and details. When people leading by example, they will understand each other. Finally, The leading by example is the best way to people understand each other and understand the ideas. Some people argue that example is not the main thing in influencing other. They say some examples are not advantages. This may be true ;however, the examples are the more advantages and affects to others. For example, the people effect from the tittle more than example. In addition, the make the people understand then example. Finally, the example sometimes confuse the people to understand the idea. In conclusion, example are more advantages and influence to other and make the people to understand the idea. Examples make the people accepted the idea very quick. For example, the idea needs many example and details to understand it. The examples are the good thing to understand others by influence them. For example, if you want to understand something you should know the example for it. More advantage, more accepted by people, and more understand are why the example is a good setting to influence other.