Dears, teachers of Generic_School. First, I think that we all should work alone, because each student can be working for their self without any other help from students that do not care about their projects or homework, all students has different ideas, working in a group would be more stressed for the student, they may not have the opportunity to show their own ideas working in a group. However, working in a group sometimes can be helpful but working alone can be more helpful to the teacher, working alone, the teacher would see who deserved a good grade, working in a group one of the persons can be the only one who does all the work. In addition, working alone can be the best way to show our own ideas because everyone has different opinion about the projects or the homework and how is going to be, working alone should be more helpful for the student who had different opinion in their topic. In my English class we all were working in groups, well in my group were three people one of the group was at their phone seen social media, and doing nothing, I ask if he needs help and if that was the reason why you are not helping us to do our project, I said, he just answers and said don't ask me, that's not your problem, he was unreasonable, but there wasn't anything more that I can do for someone who do not want to work, that's one of the lots of reasons why is not helpful working with a group. Wherever, I believe that working alone is the best way to show up our mind and be sure that we can do all that we want to do, some people think that working in a group they can get done more fast any projects, but I think that we should work alone because there is some people that do not care about their subjects and sometimes the teachers think that they just do not want to do nothing but there are people that we really want a good grade, working alone let the student focus more in their own work than someone who is stressed about if his partner is going to help or not. Some people said that working in a group it's more fun than working alone, but I think that working alone some times can be also fun because you make your own rules and use your own imagination. In conclusion, students should work alone, all students can be working by their self and without thinking if their classmate is going to help in any kind of project, all students has different ideas, working in group would be more stressed for the student, working alone can be more helpful to the teacher, the teacher would see who deserved a good grade. Working alone is the best choice, teachers considerate students ideas like the most big new option to improve our society, working alone is the best way to show our own ideas, by working alone students will be felt more confident about their work and more likely to explain their work. Finally, students can work for their self, and is not always necessary to work in group, sometimes work in group can be annoying and distinctive by others students.