Students should start picking a career when they entered high school, so they can pick classes in school or ask teachers to help you with your career. If students start picking a career at a young age they will already have an idea of what to do, they can do research about their career at school. How much do people with your career make, what does this career do, how much do they make a year. You can even ask your parents to help you with your career by giving you some advice to help you out. The library is a great place as well you can find books that match up with your career ask they librarians to help you find the right book. If you have an older sibling that have already gradated high school and have their career they can talk to you and help you out and to tell you what to do. School consumers are great people to talk when you're looking for a career. You can ask your consumer any questions to help you set up a plan after you graduate high school, talk about why you chose this career for you, do you have some experiences with this career yet, what do your parents think about this career that you want to have. Consumers can help you look for colleges or universities that you want to attended. You can also have your consumer set up a meeting with you and your parents to talk and see what they can do for you. If you know anybody who has the same career that you want to have. Have a talk with them and ask he or she questions about what do you do in your job, how much does your job pay you, how much do you make a year, if they can take you where they work at and see the other employees there and have conversations with them. It's good to talk people who have the same career that you are studying for because. They have worked hard to get where they are today, and they have jobs that they enjoy doing making money and living their best life. You should start looking for colleges when you are in your junior year of high school because. When you are looking for colleges you have to check how much you have to pay to attend the college, how much do you have to pay a month. That's why some teenagers start working while they are in high school, so they can start saving money for college. Some parents pay the college for their kids, but I think it's better if you pay some of that money with your parents, so they don't have to waste all of their money for you to go college. Some jobs will help you pay for the college that you will be attending at. As we read this is why I think students should start picking their future careers while they are in high school because. So they will have a plan ready after they graduate high school, go to college, graduate from college, and start looking for jobs of the career that you chose. Help other students who want to have your career as well. You can talk them to help them out, answer all the questions they have to ask you, tell them what to do you are looking for colleges to help with their career, show them where you work and show how your job is. And eventually they will become successful as you are for making the good choices while you were in high school.