Some schools use cell phones in the classroom for educational purposes. But are students really doing educational purposes? Should students really use their phones in their classrooms? Are students actually getting education? This is what I think about cell phones used in classes. Most students get distracted by using their cell phones especially in class. I feel like every school should at least have laptops to give out for their students. It's easier and less distracted. Because a lot of websites are blocked. Everyone gets distracted I know but a thousand of teen are obsessed with their phones. And if you're a teacher and let your student do their"work" in their cell phone, just know they might not be doing their "work" in their cell phones. Some students might care more about their education than the things that's going on in life. Maybe not everyone feels the same, thinks the same, are the same. They might be capable to use their cellphones without getting distracted. Most of us can handle the distracting than others. Most teachers actually let their students use their phones and don't really pay attention to their students. It might be our responsibility to be on track. But I feel like the teachers should at least stop us from getting distracted. Most students do get mad at teachers when the teachers stop us from using our devices. But do students know it for our own good. When my parents take my phone away. I feel more free, relax, I feel good to be honest. I do get a bit mad at first. But then I think why they took it and how many times I lost. I feel like I'm back in reality and just leaving my moment god gave me. Honestly cell phones had ruined many peoples' life's. Even toddlers this day all they do is come back from school and play on their parents' cell phones or their losing sleep to watch videos. I honestly don't think cell phones are healthy at all not even in education. Teachers shouldn't let their students use their phones at all. Only if it's in an emergency. Then that's when they should let them use it. But a real emergency. That's what I think about teachers letting their students use their cell phones during classes. 