I know taking online or watching video conferencing class can be relaxing sometime, and sometimes student even pray for school to be close. But that does not mean student should take online classes or watch video conferencing, It not a good idea for student to be taken online classes, and I am not in favor of the idea for student to take online or watch video conferencing because they can find the online teaching to be boring, and it will be very hard for student to understand the teaching of the video. Although some people might think that taking online or video conferencing class can be helpful because student can get a lot of sleep before starting the class and the student will be the one to choose the time he or she wishes to take the class or watch the video conferencing. Firstly why I don't agree with the idea of taking home school or watch video conferencing is because student find home school to be boring, and they can't focus on the teaching of the video conferencing. Like for example if the person who is teaching in the video speaks softly it will make that student feel sleeping and by the time he or she gets up the video might be finish at the end of the day the student don't gained anything from the online teaching, and other student will turn on the video and still be charting with their friends on the phone while the video is playing, he or she will not focus on the video that is teaching. Secondly why I said homeschooling or video conferencing can't be beneficial for student is because student will find it very hard to understand the teaching of the video conferencing or the homeschooling. Like if the video is playing, but the student don't understand the teaching of the video he or she can't get the chance to ask question about what they don't understand. And some of this video teaching sometime is really confusing the student that why other student prefer to set in class while teaching so that if he or she doesn't understand they can ask question about the topic. Other student have their young ones at home while he or she wants to listen to the teaching their young ones will be make noise, so they can't get what the video is teaching about and that will make them not to understand the teaching. I am not in favor of the idea of student taking online classes because they will find it very boring which they can't focus on the teaching, and it will very hard for them to understand the teaching of the video. For this way I find it very difficult for student to gain any learning from taking the online or the video conferencing class.  