Yes, we accomplish more if we are always doing something rather that doing inactivity. If we keep on doing something to accomplish it then victory is always near to us. Our continuous work to accomplish any task will be paid later by our better results. Hard work and dedication always lead us towards the success so does if we are always doing something to accomplish the task. Doesn't it sound foolish that inactivity also serve the purpose. It somehow can help to accomplish taking much time but not the same way as if we are always doing something. There is a famous saying that "Rome was not built in a day". Here the people were always working for many years to built Rome into a beautiful city. We can see their hard work and dedication really worth it as it is one of the most beautiful city among the world. Would it have been possible if they were doing inactivity? Obviously no nah? Doesn't it sound foolish that inactivity also serve the purpose. It somehow can help to accomplish taking much time but not the same way as if we are always doing something. As "Where there is will there is the way" in the same way if we really want something then we can achieve it if we keep on working and always do something for that. I can support it by saying that failure will never ever take you if your determination towards success is strong enough and keep working for it. Let's take an example of two students. If two students are assigned a long project in the summer vacation and one student started working from the mean day so that it will be easier from him to complete before the due date whereas the other one kept on relaxing thinking that he will start working on it at the last of vacation. Now all of us what the result going to come. One student happily submitted the project accomplishing it before the due date and the other one had to suffer a lot. So which one would you prefer accomplishing by always doing something in the right time or rushing to complete task in due time. So, in my opinion always doing something to accomplish more is better idea than thinking that inactivity also serve a purpose. No one want to rush to complete any task at the due time, so we should be always doing something to accomplish more. Slow and steady always wins the race but it doesn't mean to say that doing work slowly will worth it every time. I mean that you should be always doing something in Oder to accomplish in time. We can learn lesson from tortoise and rabbit story. From tortoise side, like topic says we should be always doing something to accomplish more or in time in the same way tortoise kept on walking for the race, although he can't run having faith in himself that he can do it. From rabbit side we shouldn't do mistake to think our competitors not strong enough than you. We should always respect your competitors thinking that they are as strong than you and keep doing our assessments to be the most deserving one of that victory. We should have strong belief in ourselves that I can do it then nothing seems impossible. In conclusion, last but the least I would like to end up saying that if we are always doing something then we can accomplish more compare to the one who works inactively. Time is the most important key factor in our life. Once it is gone it is gone for forever. So, the key point is we should understand the importance of time and utilize it properly and make it effective by always doing something which leads us to the accomplishment of our task.