It is known, that students truly enjoy the most they can any break of the year. Giving a break to students in the evening and all summer, is better for their process of graduation. That is why, students must do the traditional four years of high school before graduating.First, since students have so much schoolwork and homework to study, they often need a break, so that way they can relax in their home and do other activities with their family that are not related to school. Summer is a season in which students need to go out in vacations and spend time with their family as well. Generally, not every student and their families get to spend so much time all together in the evenings, that is because of their routine. Most parents have from their jobs summer break, and they prefer enjoying it together with their children. It would be unfair for them to have to not enjoy that much their summer with their children just because the students have courses during the summer. Another reason of why students must do the traditional four years of high school before graduating, is because after they graduate, they are more prepared for the career they decide doing. It would not be a recommendable period of time having three years of high school for students that still need to keep studying and preparing themselves for the career that they are going to study in college. The students can get more experience while they are reaching to their goal which is their graduation. In high school, every student should have at least an idea of what they are going to be dedicating themselves for the rest of their lives, and most of them suffer by not knowing what career to choose. Some students may say that they would really wish graduating as soon as possible, but the fact is, that by being in a hurry of getting out of high school with a diploma, they would make the mistake by maybe choosing the wrong career in college for themselves, or even maybe deciding to not go to college just because they did not have the enough time of high school to think and decide the options that colleges offer. Giving students more time for this particular decision is a good way to let them know what they are capable of doing in their future. In conclusion, students having four years of high school includes many benefits that can help them to be more prepared for college, rest more in summer, and giving them a better process of high school for their future in college and job. Students can challenge themselves by experiencing the traditional four years of high school and see the advantages of the result that they reached which will be very beneficial for them.  