People should make their own decisions about life's important matters. First, it could be profitable for them. Second, An expert could make unhealthy decisions among people's life. Third, people would make the best decisions through their life. People should make their own decisions because it could be profitable for them, it will be healthier than a decision of an expert, and people would never make an unhealthy or a negative decision about their life. At first, people should take their own decisions because it could be profitable for them. If people take their own decisions than they can save a lot of money that an expert asks for. Also, people can save their time that an expert takes to make a decision for them. Therefore, people's own decisions could be much healthier among their selves and their families. A healthy decision could also be profitable in the future. As an example, a good financing decision could make someone's life better and keep him away from being bankrupt. Second, people should make their own decisions because an expert could make an unhealthy decision among their life's important matters. For example, a bad financing decision of an expert could result in a bankruptcy of someone else and that could destroy a whole family. Also, an expert would never know what a person need and what is the best decision for them. As another example, if a person choose his career by the advises of authorities or experts he may not enjoy the job that the get in the future and that could result in depression. Also, an expert or an authority may not care enough about someone else's life. Third, people should make their own decisions because every individual knows what is the best decision for him. People will always make the healthiest decision among their life for a comfortable future. Also, every individual knows their own reasons that an expert does not know those reasons for a healthy and a save decision. An expert would never know what a person needs and what is the problems of a person in order to make a decision for him. Therefore, people should make their own decision in important matters of life. In conclusion, it could be said that people should make their own decisions because every individual knows their own good, a person will always go for the healthiest decision, and it is also profitable for their present and future. At the end, people should always trust their selves for making their decisions.  