"Character is something what you yourself choose to make it"I agree with John Lubbock because our character is something we make by ourselves. We make ourselves the person we become in the future. We choose our traits and characters by ourselves. Everyone has a right to choose what's best for themselves. Some people choose the worst traits, but others choose good. It depends on ourselves what we want to be in the future. Although some traits in a character of a person comes from experiences and most of the time bad traits comes from the worst experiences in our life. But it is completely our choice if we want to make those bad experiences a process of learning and learn something good from them. Some people choose to learn the worst possible things from their experiences that's how most of the people get their worst traits. It is not wrong to say that people choose what they want to be and how they want their life. It is true that some traits are formed beyond our control, but it depends on ourselves if we want this trait in our characters or not. Some people get too comfortable with bad traits, and they don't want to change their selves for example lying is the worst trait anyone can possibly have its leads to do things that we don't even want to do, but we do it anyway because we get comfortable and have no fear. "Lying is not better than silence" so it is way better to not say anything than lie about it. Lying is something that leads to other bad traits like dishonesty. If a person is not honester than they are not trustworthy. Trust is something very important because it is extremely hard to gain. If a person is not trustworthier than there is nothing they can do other than try not to lie. Trust is like a glass if it breaks it will never be the same. All these problems are caused by lying, and it depends on our to choose if we want to lie and make ours characters full of the worst traits or be a better person choose good traits. In this world there is nothing more important than being who we are and choosing best for ourselves. Our characters can form by influences beyond our control for example something bad that happened in the past can lead a person to lie and being dishonest. Lying is not something to be proud of and bad experiences doesn't give anyone the right to lie because it doesn't matter. There is a huge difference between right or wrong. We choose our traits and what we want our characters to be like by ourselves we should know what's good and bad for ourselves. Even though sometimes being honest and speaking truth can lead to difficult situations and most people don't want to deal with difficult situations which is okay, but it is important to do something right. Difficult situations make a person stronger and traits like honesty will make us proud of ourselves in the future. Most of the times it's the journey that matters the most than the destination because it not about how we choose to become a better person it is about the experiences that led us to whom we will be in the future. It is about how some people choose to learn the worst possible things from their experiences, but others learn good things from them. It is true to say that we become what we want to be, and we choose our traits by ourselves. The harder the path will be the stronger the person becomes, so it depends on ourselves to choose good or bad. There will be always two paths one will lead to good and others will lead to bad although our it depends on our own selves to choose from right or wrong, good or bad the choice is ours. If we want to be become something we'll be proud of or something we will be ashamed of. We write our stories by ourselves, so it is all on in our hands what we want to be. Although some people might disagree and yes it is true that our characters can form by influences beyond our control, but it depends on us what we want to be. Everyone knows the difference between right or wrong. There will be consequences of choosing bad, and sometimes it will be easy to not be brave and choose the worst traits for ourselves. It is completely your decision if you want to add good traits in your personality or bad traits. The difference between Joker and Batman is that Batman chose good traits while Joker turned himself evil by choosing bad traits. Even though tragic experiences led Joker to be evil, but his past didn't give him the right to be evil. So, you can't be evil because of your past and becoming a better person or having good traits will lead to a better future because it past is and future is something to look forward to. Traits like honesty and being able to do what's right without any fear will make us proud of ourselves in the future. Everyone wants to be proud of themselves and to make that possible they need to adapt good traits. Good traits will lead to success and a better future which is very important to for ourselves. Bad traits will lead to an unsuccessful future and which is not best for anyone. It is important to choose good traits. In conclusion the person we choose to become today will reflect on our future selves whether we choose good or bad traits. The decision is ours and what we want to be ourselves to be like it totally depends on us. Most of the problems in our lives can be solved by choosing good traits over evil. Good traits will lead to success and a better future which is very important to for ourselves while bad traits will lead to an unsuccessful future and which is not best for anyone. It is very important to choose good traits. If you want to be proud of yourself then it is a must to choose good traits. Our traits make our characters and personalities. Some people make their life miserable by choosing what's worst for them like bad traits. It is important for ourselves to choose good rather that ruin our lives with choosing something like bad traits. A person can ruin their character by choosing bad traits. That's why it is extremely important to choose good traits for ourselves because it is good.  