Our big break. Summer is a season with very hot weather schools take this whole season to give students a big break summer is almost 2 months of break. Although some educators feel that the summer break is too long and schools should be year round schools. Which mean schools have one month of summer and a longer winter break. Nevertheless, I think schools should not be year round schools because summer have a very hard weather also students use this time to plan some trip with family and friends. Summer has a very hard weather to even think go to schools. Some day the temperature goes to 96c or more this is too hot for students. This hot temperature will make students swearing a lot and have very hard head hurt during class time level of streets will increase make students get bad grades or be angry all this time. Students who work in hot areas will feel more difficult to do a simple thing than students who work in a warm area. Hot areas make you not focus on your work. In summer students have 2 months to enjoy make some family trip or things like that. Some students and families take this time to make some big family vacation plan. Students wait for this time of the year to do their vacations. Because summer is a perfect time to go to the beach with family and friends or go outside the country to visit other country as we do not have school in summer we do not miss any day of school. Trip can take so much time and students think summer is a perfect time to do. In summer students have enough time do anything students want some students use this time to find a job during summer as students do not have school they are more focus making money, so summer is very important to us to have some time with our family or make money. In conclusion summer is a hard time to go to school but a good time to make some trip or money, so the government should not cut off our summer. This is our time this is our big break. This when students can relax for a very long period without any preoccupation about schools work summer just happen one time each year students have to enjoy students deserve it for all hard work than students did in the whole school year. 