As human beings, our character traits are important in our lives, because they are what determine who we are, and how we are going to develop with the people around us. But those traits, do we really acquire them ? Or they are formed by little and different pieces of things that through the lives they influenced us ? In this essay I will argue my point of view and why do I think. Our parents, they were our first teachers, and also the first influence on us. I'm lucky for having perfect parents, but not just because how they treated me, but also for what they taught me; being respectful, responsible, having manners, the good things. Those are traits that not everybody has, but the ones who do, it's because they acquired that influence from somebody. When we are growing some other factors include on us, I remember that in my first group of friends everything we did was play with those Hot wheels cars and everything I wanted during my five trough nine years old were Hot wheels cars, it was in my personality the fact that I liked them, but if it wasn't for those ads on TV, those external influences I wouldn't realize that I liked them, same with LEGOS when I was twelve, and video games nowadays, and during that time and even now, those friendships became another influence on our lives, we play or talk about same things and when we are doing that they become an influence for me on the same way I become an influence for them. We share and receive those little traits for outside, and we forge them into a unique trait by mixing them with ours, making it part of our personality. Someone who says the opposite may have their point, because in this world there is a lot of people who came from the worst places, when you could see the worst influences for then. Becoming an admirable and respectable person, but then were you listen their story, it was something, even a little influence, but for them was bigger than any other, even the ones that were in front of that people, so they wanted to reach it, and they did it. People is really susceptible, specially kids, so let's try to keep those bad influences on them, because as the same way a great person can come from a bad place, a bad person can also come from a rich place just because they were under some bad influence, teach them good things, so they can avoid the bad ones. 