Mrs. Generic_Name I think changing the school menu is a very bad idea because the students will not have many choices of what they want to eat in the cafeteria. So the student wouldn't get to eat what they like or of their favorite choice what the student usually get when they are in the cafeteria. And the students wouldn't be happy about changing the school menu and most student would go to school and not eat lunch and go home with their stomach empty. So Generic_Name I would not recommend not changing the school menu because. The student would not be very happy at school and if the school menu changes. Mostly the student would, will bring their own lunch from home and bring it in to the cafeteria and the school lunch food would be wasting. Because the students wouldn't eat the school lunch food because majorly the student are brought their own lunch. Which it's not a very bad idea because students can bring their own lunch, and they will not be starving to death without skipping lunch and going home with their stomach full instead of empty which it is a good thing. So I think not changing the school menu is a very good idea because friend and I can have free choices of what I like to eat and what the whole school would like to eat or bring the Owen lunch to school which I think it is a very good idea because if I had the freedom to bring my own lunch or choice in the cafeteria. I would eat very well and i won't have an empty stomach the whole entered day in school. And I will not be sleepy for the rest of the day and the few class I have at the end of the day.I think sum of the students will do the same thing as me if we all eat very good and very well in school in the cafeteria, and it will be nice. Mrs. Generic_Name I think that most student would not like to have a healthier school lunch menu because no student usually get school lunch in school so the students usually bring in their own school lunch and which it's a very good go idea because the student can bring what they like to eat during lunchtime .and if you change the school lunch menu then the student wouldn't get school lunch anymore. And if the whole school didn't get the school lunch anymore because they don't like the new school lunch menu. It because no one like to eat very healthy at school and maybe if the whole school didn't get lunch and every single student in Generic_School pack their own lunch with it's a bad sin because all the food would be wasting. So Mrs Generic_Name please don't change the school lunch menu because most student wouldn't be happy if the school lunch menu changes and every student in Generic_School would be so happy and glad if you didn't change the school lunch mean.  