There are lots of activities one can to do outdoors. Many people nowadays stay in there home and play video games. There is so much to do outdoors like you can go rock climbing. Rock climbing is a very fun, dangerous, and healthy outdoor activity to do. Many people who do rock climbing are living the happiest and healthiest life they can. You can also go hunting. Hunting is also a fun outdoor activity you can do, but it requires risk to do. Hunting is done by a gun which many people can't use or don't have, but hunting is a fun activity to do if you do have a gun and know how to use it. You can also go to parks. Parks are really enjoyable, there is lots of fun stuff to do in a park. There are slides, swings and other fun stuff. There are also animals sometimes in a park. Its like a park and zoo mixed together. People can really enjoy there self in parks. Parks are not only for little kids and there are not always slides, swings, monkey bars etc. in a park. There are some parks that are only made for people who like to jog, run and walk. There are so many kind of parks. One of the most enjoyable thing you can do is play a sport, like Soccer, Football, Baseball, Tennis etc. There are many places outdoor you can go to play. There are soccer fields made for people who like to play soccer. There are Football fields etc. Sports are not only fun, but they also are healthy for you. Like in Soccer there is nothing you can do accept running after the ball. Football is also fun and healthy for you and many other sports. Doing something outdoors is way more fun than doing something inside. If you play video games all the time you can lose your eyes, and you can get fat easily. You can also go to the beach. Beach is the funnest and enjoyable place. There is sand. Ocean, sun, waves and other fun stuff. If you can't swim you can also stay in the sand and make a sand castle or something like that. If you do know how to swim you can go to the ocean and swim in the waves and have lots have fun. If you don't want to swim and make sand castle you can just lay on your towel ad enjoy the hot sun. If you are with your friends and family you can also play lots of different games like frisky, Tag, etc. You can play music on a boombox or a speaker and have fun with that. Another fun activity to do outside is skydiving. If you want to fly skydiving is just the thing for you. It is another one of the most fun outdoor activities, but it requires skill and lots of confidence to do a skydive. If you don't know how to open or use a parachute you will not be skydiving alone you will be tied to professional skydiver, and you will skydive with him/her. You still need the confidence to skydive, or you can have a heart attack, or you can pass out and passing out in the midair is not very good for you, you can break your neck with the air pressure or die. Skydiving is not really healthy, but it still is fun and enjoyable. Hiking is also one of the outdoor activity, and it is really fun. In hiking you can go to mountain peeks or just walk to the middle of a mountain. Hiking is similar to rock climbing but you don't have to climb rocks you just have to walk on the track and have fun. Hiking is also one of healthy outdoor activities. Once you reach your goal you can enjoy the view and be proud of yourself. Hiking is not an easy thing to do there are many rocks and unstable ground on the way but if you go hiking often it will be easy for you. Camping is also one of the outdoor activities. Camping is fun and enjoyable, but it is also dangerous and risky. Camping is when you alone or with your friends go to a forest or camping spot and live there in a tent for one or four days. Camping is so much fun especially if you are with your friends or family. You can cook yourself food, enjoy the nature etc. If you like nature camping is just the thing for you. Camping can be dangerous and risky because there are a lot of dangerous animals in the woods like lion, bear etc. but if you pick the right camping spot for yourself then there is no danger. Many camping spots are where there are less harmful animals. Outdoor activities are fun to do. Most people don't them because they waste all of there time on video games and indoor stuff. Most people don't like nature and they are discussed of it. Outdoor activities are fun and healthy for you, they can keep you in shape, and you can have the time of your life. Outdoor activity is for people who really like nature and want to stay healthy.  