Do you believe failure could lead up to a better person? Shortly, I am going to discuss as to why making mistakes is necessary for a person to become a better human being. When a person makes mistake he's/she is more likely to learn from its mistake. However, not all person learn from their mistakes in the first time, some take longer than others. Therefore, you should always look back at what you did wrong and always fix your mistakes. Making right decisions should help you become a better human being for its future community, country, and even the world. I personally strongly agree with Churchill's statement. A person should not always be right, some people think that by doing what pleases them they are doing good. However, little do they know they're hurting people because they decide what's good for them and what's not good for them. That leads up to a person who is selfish, mean, and has a cold heart. Mistakes are a problem, and problems can always be fixed. Once upon a time my friend Generic_Name had a girlfriend, Generic_Name. He was a good kid with a good heart, therefore, that led to people takeover him easily. Generic_Name's girlfriend or friend would always take over Generic_Name. She would tell him what to do and how to do it, she was the man in the relationship. That's how good my friend's heart was. She knew she could trust Generic_Name because Generic_Name loved her like he never loved anyone else. Till the day came, sooner than what we expected. The day that he will never forget. It was a Thursday and Me and my friend Generic_Name were on our way to work, I was driving when all of a sudden he starts screaming like if he was having some sort of seizure. " NO how could you do this to me" he said. "What happened?" I asked. He tells me that he was on snap chat just chatting and looking at snaps when all of a sudden he sees his "girlfriend' kissing another man. I tell him to relax and to let it go that she was not worth his time. He calms down, breaks up with her and moves on. Years passed, I noticed that he has changed. He is not the sweet boy with the good heart anymore. He now learned from the mistake he did, which was to let his girlfriend controlled him. Furthermore, he now knows when to say NO and when to say YES. People make mistakes all the time in their lives. However, that does not mean you cannot change it or fix the mistake you did. Mistakes are mistakes. You cannot go back in time, but you can move on and make a change in your life. In conclusion, a better person makes a better future for its world. People can change, and we all make mistakes. However, we shall learn for the better. In Conclusion, I would like to give advice to all people to never give up. You made a mistake? You all shall learn from it. Fix it. Make of yourself a better self being and be and example for all others. We are not perfect, but we could try or at least act like we can be. Learn from what you did wrong an improvement yourself. Love everyone because you only live once in this life.