Of course, you accomplish more if you are always doing something. Sitting down on your behind trying to accomplish your goal or your dream will never come. Get up go grind for it, go plan for it, set steps you will take to accomplish that goal of yours. Now if your sitting down doing nothing how will you ever accomplish anything if you are putting no work into your craft. Nothing in life is given to you, get up off your behind and WORK. Some of the greatest athletes in the world like Larry Bird, Michael Jordan, and LeBron James all had to get up every morning and train master their craft before they can be great and accomplish the amazing milestones they accomplished in their careers . Before every game Larry Bird would shoot 100 3-pointers because that was his craft. LeBron James was fresh out of high school and trained then ended up getting drafted. Do you think if some of the greatest athletes in the world would be able to do what they do if they sat around and waited for it to come to them?. Same thing with money, you think you can just sit at home all day eat, drink,sleep and watch TV all day and think money is just going to fall out of the sky?. Money requires work, and sitting at home on your couch all day will not get you a profit I can guarantee you that. I understand that yea maybe sometimes you should sit back and let things play out but no the more you let that happen the more time you are wasting in life. One of the best NFL football Running Backs ever to play was Walter Payton. He was not your average RB. He had a hill in his neighborhood he ran every day which separated him from the other players in the rest of the NFL players. In the off season 90 percent of the League goes idle but nope not him he worked and trained every day, you know where that lead him to ? Lead him to the top 10 rushing yard list of all time. The people who work everyday all day will and comes back the next day to accomplish more will have more accomplished when they are dead and gone. Everyone should want to accomplish something nice in life and work and constantly striving to do better 24/7 and trust me it will happen.  