I disagree with school the board of adding one a half hour each day to school. Students would have more class work like math or homework. Students would have more drama each day at school. Also, students have other thing to do for example they might have to go see their family. Having an extra half an hour would not be good for the school because students would not be focus in class. First, students would have more class work. They, would have more projects, more class work students would have a hard time focusing when doing their class work. Students would have a hard time with homework or studying. For instances many of the students would have to study after they did class work they would not want to study in the meantime they would want to take a break. Students would not like to have in extra half an hour. Second, students would have more drama every day at school because of the extra half an hour. Students would go around the school a start drama everywhere then, students would have a hard time focusing on class. Then, their grades would start going down. Although having an extra half an hour would have many problems students would most likely have more drama than ever before. Lastly, having an extra half an hour students would not like having it because students would be messing thing, such as football games, soccer games maybe even a cook out at the park with their family. Having an extra hour would not be so good because students then, would be messing the thing they do not want to mess. Having an extra half an hour would then be a problem because it would be more work, drama and other thing. Many students would most likely not like having extra school time because they have other thing to do. Also having the extra half an hour would change every thing students then, would not have time to do the thing they like to do like going to their friend house or play outside, because of the extra half an hour. In conclusion having the school board plan to add one a half hour to the school each day would mean that students would not want to come to school. Because, of the extra half an hour students would have to wake up in the morning and thing about the school extra half an hour and students would have more class work, study more for a subject. Then, students would start drama at school then, students would not be focus in class. Also having more time in school students would then mess other thing beside school.  