I agree with Ralph Waldo Emerson, it is best to be yourself than to be someone you're not. You won't have to meet some jobs perspectives. You won't have to be someone you're not. Furthermore, you can have many accomplishments throughout your life. The first reason as to why I agree with Ralph Waldo Emerson is because, when it comes to jobs it can be real tough for some people. Some job's ask who you really are as a person, once you let them know they don't like the response. But, there are some jobs that will accept you and will like who you are truly. Second of all don't have to be someone you're not. You shouldn't have to please others only because they don't like who you are as an individual. Some might even say that It's for the best when in reality it isn't. You shouldn't have to be the opposite of who you are just so you don't get judged on. Pay no attention to those who don't accept you for being nothing but yourself, and don't change for them unless you're doing it for you. You should always please yourself no matter what. Lastly like Ralph Waldo Emerson wrote, "To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment." That writing is nothing but the absolute truth. Your individuality can bring you so much success. It can take you places you can't even imagine. Being yourself can benefit you as a person, people can perhaps like even love the real you. You can become a role model to those who are having trouble on deciding if they should be themselves or be what this world want's them to be. People could admire you and accept you even more. In conclusion, I agree with Ralph Waldo Emerson because it is best to be you own individual self than not, because you won't meet jobs perspectives, be someone you're not, and also it comes with amazing accomplishments. Some think otherwise because the belief that it would make life more simple and easy. Also, you might find that being your own individual self gets you nowhere. 