Many students like to spend time with their friends in the school. Specially high schools are good places for students to learn and get fun with their friends. By the way some students are coming to school just for the pass their classes and work hard to graduate with high grades. I think graduate in three years instead of the traditional four years from a high school would be good for these students. Because they can go to college/university early, or work 1 year full time in a job to save money after graduated from high school or get more time to think about their career decision.First a student who graduated from high school in three years can attend to a college early. This means this student also can graduate one year early from the college and start his career early. If this student already decided to which college or university that he wants to go and what career he wants to do, this can be good for him. Also, student can understand how college classes are. Second reason for to choose graduate early is safe money for college/university. Some students who graduated from high school don't go to college/university directly. These students choose to work in a job one or two years full time to save money for college/university. This is a good option for the students who don't have money to pay for college/university or who doesn't want to be dependent to his family. Some families don't have money to pay their children's' school. In this kind of situations students choose to wait one or two years instead of go to college/university directly. Another reason to graduate early from high school is to get an extra year to make a decision about career and college/university. Some students think it is hard to choose the right career for them in high school because when they graduateded from university their careers is going to be their whole life. Like an example sometimes students choose the job according to the classes that they liked in their high school, but after they go to college/university they understand this career is not interesting more to them. According to the scientists 35% of the college/university students decide to change their career in their freshman or sophomore year in the university. This shows that students need to think carefully while they make a decision about their careers. Also, the career that a student choose effects the college/university that he wants to go because many students choose the university that gives good education and opportunities to these students about their careers that they chose. In conclusion, I think graduate one year early from high school is a good idea for the students who want to go to college/university early. Another reason is safe money to pay college/university and final reason is to get an extra time to make a decision about right career and school. I believe also to study and get prepared better for Sarto get a higher score can be an extra reason. Graduate early from high school is a good idea but also can be hard for all students. So, student who wants to graduate early from high school needs to work hard.