High school the place where we can all do anything we want and just a step before going to college, or at least this is what a lot of middle schoolers think. In high school we take so many classes that are required, and those classes are supposed to open up doors and get us closer to our goals. But, classes like arts, music or drama will give us something that we cannot get from others classes. These classes are like a little break, just a whole class to forget about having to write an essay or doing some long math equations and, instead just have fun with friends and enjoy singing, painting and even acting. These classes teach the students how to socialize and communicate with others. High school is not as easy as some would think, students usually get really stressed because they have to pass their classes, their Sols and start getting prepare for college all at the same time. There is where classes like this can give a little opening to reduce some of that stress. Usually the environment in these classes is always joyful and fun, it is a place where students can learn through socializing and having fun. Who knows may be students would never think they like music but after some months taking music they would find out they love it and decide to become a musician and that can also happens with art and even drama. Classes like this not only give a little time off all the stress and pressure from high classes but also can give lessons to students that they would never even imagine they would learn. Now, think about an extremely coy student who has never had the confidence to speak up in class not even to ask a question their math class, we know we all have asked something in math is just a class that at least a question per unit seems mandatory. However, how can that same student later on give a speech or have the valor to push himself up in a big company if he never has learned how to properly communicate. Even if he has huge talent and the brain of a genius he will never be successful. In life being able to express ourselves is something required, something that we have to do if we want to move keep moving up our hill path. Nothing will be easy, but communication is a social skill we all have to learn. Many will not agree on this and can will make strong arguments on how these classes are a waste of time. That after all we do not get anything from these classes and students just see these classes as a place to hang around with friends and procrastinating for 90 minutes. Well, what about those students that do not have friends, students that always sit back in a corner and the teacher has never got him to say something. The students no one has ever heard from, or sometimes even noticed they are there. Shouldn't school concern about them, shouldn't school be the place where they can grow and open up their winds to start flying on their sky of opportunities." Tu VOZ hare Puerto" It is something I heard from a commercial once I was watching TV with my mom, it means "Your voice opens up doors" but those doors will never open if we open our mouths to ask questions that will give us answers those answers will impulse us further in life. Not matter how smart a student can be but if they cannot make themselves be notice their brilliant brain will be worthless.