This is a very important subject to me Thank You fore giving me the opportunity write about it. In my opinion I believe that graduating in four years is a lot better than, graduating in three years. The traditional four years of high school does not put the student under pressure, unlike the three-year plan. The four-year plan allows the student to have some elective classes. The three-year plan helps students graduate faster but it also, it does not give people time to enjoy the summer or have free time to do their favorite hobby. High school is the best time of every student's life, because in high school students do not have a lot of responsibilities. Students who decide to pick the three-year plan will be making a big mistake. Students might not be able to have any elective classes, these classes are made to be easy classes that help student do their favorite hobby like playing guitar, piano and sports, these type of classes help students remove the stress from their brains by doing something they like. I am pretty sure that students who do the four-year traditional plan will be doing better in school because they are not pressured, unlike the other students with the three-year plan. I was born in Egypt I moved to the United States in 2015, which was my freshman year of high school. Furthermore, I had to take all the mandatory classes in my first year in order to be able to graduate on time. Furthermore, I was not able to take any elective classes, which put me under pressure and made feel bad, because of the amount of homework and the number of hours I used to sit in my room and study. Students in high school should be enjoying their lives. Students who do the three-year plan do not have time to enjoy their lives with their family all year long, because they will have to study in order to pass their class and graduate. We all know that social life is important to every single one of us and, it affects how we do in school. Students who do the three-year plan do not have time to do anything but study and do school related stuff which causes a lot of people depression and anxiety. Last year one of my closest friends had to do summer school, every time I call him he barely answers and says that he can not hang out because he got school related work to do. My friend used to hang out with me all the time, but he did not because he had to go to summer school, he was telling me that he was not happy be because he would wake up go to school finish school, go straight to work, come back from work do his homework and sleep, he barely had time to eat, which made him very tired mentally and physically.Some students in high school are independent, they live on their own have a job and don't ask parents for money. Independent students can not do the three-year plan because they will not have any time to do anything other than work and school. For example I have a job I live on my own and I do not as my parents for any money or anything in order for me to do the three-year plan I will have to quit my job, so I can be able to focus on school or else I will fail in school and not be able to graduate and if quit my job I will have no source of income to take care of myself and pay for my rent, but I do the four-year traditional plan and I have a good job where I can focus on both school and my job so I can live. In conclusion the three-year plan is not a very good decision to make and everyone should think twice before deciding on it. The three-year plan does not let students have their free time to hand out with their friends or do their favorite hobby. That plan also does not give people time to have time with their family or the people they love. The three-year plan will not give you time to have a job if you need one. I believe by going to high school for four years students will be able to get more experience and enjoy the best time of their lives. Thank you.