I disagree with this plan. I say this because the amount of hours we come to school every day is enough. If the school board add another hour and a half to the school day all students will be tired, and the students would not be able to learn everything during the day. Being in school for a long period of time and getting homework would put a lot of pressure on the students. For most students the amount of time we come to school at the moment is already putting a lot of pressure. If the school board add another hour and a half most of the students will surely dislike school and maybe even drop out or show no interest in school work or homework. Students would also have a very short amount of time to study for tests or the big projects that they have to finish outside of school at home because some students have a part-time job. Students need some free time for their happiness and physical health. As a middle school student I can say that I get to have free time and do my school work just fine at the moment but with getting one hour and a half added to my school schedule I don't know if I would still have the time to have fun and do my school work and still manage time to spend with my family and friends. It would affect my health if I don't get enough free time to play with my friends or do the things I like. For those students who have a part-time job won't be able to spend enough time with their family or friends or get some time to rest. It would surely affect their mental health, physical health and happiness because they are not going to get enough time to work out or do something fun to rest their mind. Teachers with part-time job would have a difficult time on teaching students their best and having a part-time job. Mostly all teachers have a part-time job because they have a big family and their income from teaching is not enough, or they want to save money. All of them have their personal reasons for it. But teachers can not have a good part-time job if the school board add another hour and a half to the school day Because teachers must stay after school at least once or twice a week to help the students that needs help or want to take a retake on a test. Teachers will not have enough time for a good part-time job or to really take good care of their kids for the ones that are married. The ones that are not married to just take good care of their mom and dad. So teachers would either have to quit teaching or get their salaries increased. So they wouldn't need a part-time job to earn more money, and they would have time to take good care of their family. Drivers already are taking a risk for driving in the morning when it's dark. It's very difficult for them to drive a school bus that's full of students when they can't really see the road. Adding one hour and a half is the last thing that the bus drivers need on their plate even if the school board adds one hour and a half to school day it's okay for the bus drivers. But what's not okay is the after school program. After school program is for two hours and with adding one hour and a half to the school day that's three hours and thirty minutes later than the normal time. It would be really dark. So it would be really hard for bus drivers to drive, and it would be too risky. It would be dangerous for the bus drivers and all the students that is going to be in it. After school is a program that helps every student make up missing work, retake a test or redo their homework to bring up your grades. It also helps the school finish their work quick when students stay to help for their serves hours. But sadly the schools might have to shut down after school program if they add an hour and a half to school day because it would be hard for teachers, bus drivers and students. Students wouldn't stay after school because by the time the school finishes all the students would be exhausted.