What is something you would like to accomplish in the future. I would want to go to collage. To get a good job like being a cop or being perfect at a sport or being a famous chef, and you can be a barber and have your own barber shop. For that u will have to go to Barber school and chef you have to go to cooking school and for being a police man or female. For being very good at any sport you have to go to collage and play there what sport do want to play. But first you will have to go to collage for like 2 to 4 years to be able to have a good job. Reason 1 I would like to go to collage. For I can get a good job and get paid a good amount of money and I want to be a famous chef the makes' food to superstars. I can cook for my self of friends and family go to collage for it have a cooking race like whoever makes a better cake in like 5 min. I can travel all different countries and have races and try different foods. You can get paid by cooking for other people. Reason 2 you can be a famous sport player you can get very good at it. Or you can be a barber and go to barber school and have your own place and have your own job. By the way can a cop or anything you want you just need to train and be good at it. If you're going to play sport you needed to play in high school for you can go strait to get a collage degree, and then you can play in collage. Reason 3 when you're in collage you can still go to work and get good money and buy what ever you want. Also, you can go to collage and the morning and the afternoon you can go to work. Or you have a choice you can live in collage or live at your house. Anyway you can practice doing what you want to do. You just need to go to collage if you want a good job. Conclusion You can go to collage to get good scholarships and degrees. And you can have a very good job doing what you want to do. I want to be a cooker or a barber or I want to be a soccer player. You can be anything just believe in your self, and you will get your dream of being what ever you want.