Some school districts have been offering programs that are allowing high school students to graduate a year early instead of the regular four years. In my opinion most students who agree with this and actually want to graduate a year early just do it to get school out of their way. They choose to take courses in the summer than a nice trip to a beach or hang out with some friends. I mean who wouldn't want to graduate a year early right? But in the end it's not even worth it. I know that school may not be all fun and games but all that education and knowledge sure does take you far in life. Graduating a year earlier than your other classmates doesn't make you more than them, it doesn't make any student seem smart, it's just them taking the shortcut to end school. I believe it isn't a good idea for students to graduate a year early. I say this because senior year just brings more new experiences to your life. Also, you get more opportunities to get a little taste of a few colleges when they come to the schools. You get help with your resume's, and just things that prepare you for a good future. Senior year is the "best" year as some students say. Graduating a year early, just makes you miss all those nice and fun experiences with friends, including the activities the school does that last year. Some students may not agree with this but senior year just gives you that extra push into making your future better. The last year of high school is like the guide to the beginning of your new life as an adult with more goals to be accomplished. Another reason why I don't think it's a good idea for students to just take the "easy"way out is because some students just do it to end their school life. I believe that the students who'd want to graduate a year earlier would be the ones who skip class, don't do their work, are always late to school and so on, but to make it clear I was just referring to the bad influenced kids. High school isn't a race and neither is who has the best things in life because those you earn them by your hard work. Some students end up not even going to college, they just go straight into the workforce. Being one of those students who get to graduate a year early, it literally doesn't make you cool. I personally think that going straight to the workforce isn't the best option because to be honest, they just end up working in a Chick-fil-A, McDonald's, Burger King and all those jobs that don't even pay well. An education can get you a job! A job that'll pay you well and something that you know you'll have as a secure job and not having to change every other month or every three months. For those students who are planning on finishing high school in three years they must have a plan whether they plan on still getting into a college. If some of those students still plan on going to college then they should be aware that some colleges may expect four years of high school. Also, colleges may look on your school record and just see the type of person you were and may not accept you. All this coming to a close that not all colleges will be acceptable of you only having to do three years of high school. For those who don't plan on going to college, they have to have a better plan for them to survive in the real life. Some students just don't take the school serious but only if they knew that, that's the key for them to open to get to their future. If I were agreed with school districts allowing students to finish school a year early, I'd think about the positive side it has. I believe that some students may actually do it because they love school that much that they'd want to get a head start with their career. That's good I'm not saying it's bad, it's just something I wouldn't do. Students who are more than prepared should be the ones graduating early. Only students who have had perfect attendance and do their work and get good grades should only get that opportunity. In conclusion, school districts should not allow high school kids to graduate a year early. They have to earn it and demonstrate their hard work. Senior year is the last little push a high school student gets before starting a new chapter of their life. School may not be the best, but it can sure give you the best career life.