Generic_Name is a student that just finished middle school and is getting prepared to start high school. He is really excited to find a career throughout high school and knowing which one would suit him best. Unfortunately after he told his parents, they were not amused with his response. Generic_Name was sad that his parents didn't encourage him and wasn't as excited to find a career as he was before. Although some people think that it is ridiculous for students to identify a career at a young age, they are wrong. Students with benefit in knowing to identify a career because this will improve their knowledge, learn new skills, and teaches them how to make their own decisions. Students will be able to improve their knowledge whenever starting high school because this will get students to be prepared for any task at any time. Students are also going to be noticing that there are more opportunities throughout the school and have the option to choose what suits them best. Students can be able to notice that high school many students really improve from freshman year to senior year and can compare how much they really care about the students' education. For example, Generic_Name is a sophomore and is looking at a career to become an English teacher, but he hasn't really improved as much in his English class. He talked to his English teacher about it and wanted to get tutored and really know how to become a teacher. In less than two months, Generic_Name has improved so much in English and is finally understanding what to do and feeling confident that in the future he will become a teacher. Students will also benefit at finding a specific career if they learn new skills. Students will be able to learn so much throughout high school and especially learn new skills. Many students whenever they start high school they can learn new skills, for example: playing an instrument, playing a sport, or even learning how to cook. Students will also learn new basic skills, weather its Math, Science, or History. Students can also learn new skills if they could join a club or activities throughout the school. Students will have the opportunity to learn all of these skills and could really help them out to find a specific career. For example, Generic_Name is a senior and wants to find a career about becoming a guitarist, but his teachers were concern due to how magnificent he is with Technology and Science. Generic_Name wasn't really interested in those careers and has told his teachers that he wants to play for the world. The teachers we're upset with Generic_Name but understood that he made his decision, and we're still happy and proud of him. Generic_Name was glad he finally found the perfect career for him and was very happy with it. Students will have the chance to make their own decisions in high school. High school really wants students to make decisions and teach them that they are becoming young adults and need to understand that they can also make decision on their own. Students will be able to have the decision to go for a standard diploma or an advanced diploma. Students also have the opportunity on weather to choose to go to the army or work whenever they finish high school. Another decision students will get is what career will suit best for them. Teachers really help out students with finding the right and best career for students. For example, Generic_Name is a freshman and really wants to graduate with an advanced diploma. She is doing really well in all her classes and teachers are recommending her many careers. Generic_Name decides to go to see her counselor about which career would she enjoy best. Her counselor tells her that it is her decision on what does she really like to do and recommends her great careers. Generic_Name really struggles on what to choose but will sooner or later realize what she wants to do. Students will be able to achieve more intelligence, learn more tasks, and open new opportunities for students to know how to identify a career. Generic_Name started high school and isn't too happy about it. He is doing decent in his classes but isn't feeling confident about finding a career, but one day whenever he got home his parents decided to find him careers and told him that they have all their support and will encourage him no matter what. Generic_Name is filled with joy and encouragement that he started to improve in his classes and is starting to find a career that knew that he would love and enjoy. He went to go talk to his counselor about careers and Generic_Name heard so many options he didn't know what to choose, but in the end he finally made up his choice and chose the career he knows he would love.  