I think that we should have after school homework clubs in school because it can really help kids get homework done at the right time, so they don't get a zero on their homework.There are kids that get too much homework, so homework club would be a good time for them to get their work done so fast that they don't need to worry about it when they get home. Some kids might struggle in one class because they have a lot of assignments that they need to make up. Homework club will give students plenty of time to get missing work done, and they should move the grade up to an A or B. You could also get homework from a bunch of different classes, and homework club will give them enough time to get the easy assignments done, so that they can focus on getting a hard assignment done, and that would leave the students with one assignment left to do. Homework club can be seen as a way to spend your time wisely when it comes to getting homework done. It reduces the stress of getting too much homework because students will realize how much time that they have to get their work done, so they can focus on the activities that they do in or outside of school. For example, someone might have soccer practice at 5:30, and homework club might be from 2:30 to 4:50. That would give a student enough time to get a lot of work done before soccer practice. It's better to finish homework early because you would not need to worry about it for the rest of the week. Sometimes kids need assistance from teachers because they are struggling to understand the subject, and they may need a teacher's help. They could stay at homework club, so students can work with the teacher to get the work done. A student might leave an assignment at the last minute because they had other assignments to do. If homework club will give a student two hours in a half to do their assignment, they should be able to get their work done just in time. Homework club can give relief to a student when they have left an assignment at the last minute. I believe that if a lot of kids went to homework club, then all students will be successful. That would mean that kids will get As and BS from now on, and they would not need to stress about their grades. It just takes students to use their time wisely at homework club to get homework done, and no one will have any problems. 