Is honesty always the best policy? An old proverb says honesty is the best policy. Sometimes, however, honesty might get awful effects. Honesty is a good characteristic, if the situation is very serious or you and yours friends did something awful, you need to be honest and speak the true, but sometimes honesty is not always the best policy because you might hurt someone's feelings or you and people around you might get in little troubles. Honesty is not always the best policy because you might hurt someone's feelings. For example, one of Generic_Name's friends tells her something and ask Generic_Name to keep it a secret, the next day someone is trying to persuade her to tell her friend's secret out loud, and she just replies by saying," what secret are you talking about? , my friend didn't tell me a secret or something like that." she did the right thing by laying because if she would not lie about it, the friend that asked her to keep the secret would feel upset and nobody else is going to trust Generic_Name. Another example is that if your friend ask you if she looks good in a certain outfit, however, that is not your style, and you don't like it at all, the best thing to do is to say that you like the outfit, if you tell her this, you will not hurt your friend's feelings. One more reason of why honesty is not always the best policy is that you or people around you might get in trouble. For example, If you and your sister ate something that your mom left in the fridge while saying" I am going to work and when I come back, I will eat this." when your mom arrives home, you tell her that you and your sister didn't hear when she says that she will eat it later on. This way, you and your sister will not get in trouble, however, you know that it was just a white lie and that if you do something serious the next time, you need to be honest and tell her the truth. In conclusion, honesty is not always the best policy because you might hurt someone's feelings or you and people around you might get in trouble, however, there are many situations in where you need to be honest and speak the truth.  