Homework can be hard most of the time, and you need someone to help you with it. Having an after school homework club can be fun and a good thing to do in school. An after school homework club can be good for the kids that don't get to finish their homework or don't understand the homework. On the other hand, we have the people that don't have time to do things after school. An after school homework club would not be good for some students. People don't always have the time to do something after school. They have other things that they have to do like, practicing for a sport, dance, sing, learning an instrument it could be anything the problem is that they don't have enough time to do homework, even when they get home. An after school homework club is good for the kids that don't have anything to do for the afternoon, so they can stay and finish homework from that day or something that they need to finish. I am one of those people who are against the after school homework club. Sometimes I need to go to practice, so I don't have time to finish my homework but, I try my best to finish it and turn in the homework the next day. Teachers might don't have the time to stay after school too, because they have things to do like if they have a pet they have to give it food, so it won't starve or have kids, and they need to take care of them, so nothing bad happens to them. So that is another reason why they should not have after school homework club. Most of the students won't have a ride back home because their parents can be working, they can be sick, or they are not home. I don't think the school is going to take care of all the students that go to the after school homework club. That is another reason why after school homework club is not good. What if the kids get hungry while begin in the after school homework club. I don't think the school is going to have food. If the school is thinking about making a club they could make it at the last class, so the students take that block, so they can only do homework. It would be better if the school makes the club at the last class of the day, so the students take that block for only to finish homework. So the students that don't have time after school won't struggle about not finishing their homework at time because, they have other activities to do after school. It could be good too, so everyone can take a little break of the day they had. This could help a lot so, if teachers have things to do like, grade papers or homework to check they can take that block to do all of that. Another good idea could be, that they can make the club at fist block, at the start of the day, like if one of the students never did their homework last night they still have time to finish it in the morning before they go to class. My favorite one was the one in the last class because, everyone gets a little break even the teachers. Everyone gets to finish their homework and no one has worries about not finishing their homework and have a bit of more free time in the afternoon.