Work requires a lot of concentration. At Generic_School, I prefer to work alone because I do what I think, nobody interrupt me and I concentrate better when I am by myself. I will give three reason and examples about why I think working alone is better than working with a group. To follow at what my brain tells me is the best decision I can ever do. I remember one time when I was in middle school, I was working with a group of five students. That day the teacher told us to make a surprise to the children with cancer. I had an idea to make a letter and a big poster with some illustrations to make those children happy, but we didn't because my partners didn't want to make the poster, and we only did the letter. That's why I always believe that is better to work alone. In my English class, the other day teacher made some groups, and each group had to make an essay about the contamination of earth. I was in a group of four, I was trying to do my best by reading a book about earth and what causes earth get pollution, when one of my partners stopped me by removing the book that I had, that made me furious, and now that makes me over thinking that working alone is one of the best choice that one person can make. I remember the last year here at Generic_School, Generic_Name my health teacher told the class to make some groups for presentations about drugs and its diseases that these can cause. And also, each group have to pick their topic about what are you going to present she said. I asked her if I could make the presentation by myself, and she told me that I can, but it may be difficult for you because it is hard to explain in front all your partners she said. I did my presentation about the alcohol, and she congratulated me because the hard work that I did. She told me that she was glad about me because I did the best presentation from the class. That's why I always prefer to work alone, so nobody can interrupts what I think. In conclusion, these years really changed my point of view because now I think that working alone is one of the best choices that a human can make because it makes a person overthink and believe more in their self. Now I am ready to continue with this adventure. 