Since the early societies with important philosophers such as Aristotle and Confucius, the world have been in a complex debate arguing about the best way to influence other people. As result, several ideas about how to influence people emerged, such as an internal agreement through the creation of the early constitution in Athens by Aristotle. Early constitution which tried to combat the earliest authoritarian ways to influence people through force. However, those ways to influence people were not effective because those factors dictate the people's actions and created a hostile environment. Therefore, the best way to influence others is by our own behavior setting a good example because this generates stability, creates higher standards, and effectiveness. Henceforth, setting a good example generates stability because this does not create a patron of dictatorship that generate differences and hostilities between the relationship follower-influencer. As result, this factor creates an ideal and healthier relationship, which is reflected in the quality of the relationship environment. As a consequence, the stability created it by our own behavior and example make our message easier to be transmitted it and receive it. For example, the relationship parent-son. This particular and common relationship completely reflected the influence of a good example and how the parent behavior dictate the stability in the family, especially in his relationship with the son. As result, if the parent set a good example and behavior the son would be more open to receive the parent's influence. Therefore, a high grade of empathy would be developed. As result, there would not be any differences and hostilities that can damage the stability of the relationship. However, many people still argue that there are different ways to influence others rather than setting a good example, such as internal agreements (e. i., constitution and other behavior codes). However, those ways still fall into the dictatorship and authoritarian scheme that make people disagree and create conflict. In addition, those rudimentary and forcing methods do not help the persons and the influencer-follower environment. In contrast, deteriorate and break any possibility of improvement because this authoritarian limit you, instead develop you. Therefore, by showing a good behavior and setting a good example the influencing process change drastically because this process became more active, inclusive, and dynamic. As result, this influencing way create higher standards because this method of influencing people promote values such as integration and solidarity that reach improvement and cooperation. As result, the higher standards break the authoritarian barrier and open the path for cooperation, participation, and admiration in the follower-influencer relationship. Therefore, a great example led by a good behavior becomes more effective because there is a dynamic cooperation between followers and influencers that boosted their performance and empathy in the relationship. Hence, this dynamic cooperation becomes stronger, as result the relationship reach incredible stages of solidarity, which is translated into a better and healthier way to influence people. In contrast, the old "fashioned" authoritarian ways to influence people just deteriorate the follower-influencer relationship by dictating and forcing the followers' actions. As result, the net influence, effectiveness, and impact by the authoritarian ways become lower than setting a good example and behavior. For example, the actions by the Mohammad Gandhi in India with his pacific civilian disobedience movement; where he led an incredible number of people just by example and a good behavior through the diverse hostilities. This show the huge impact of setting a good example and the effectiveness that this way have on influencing people. Therefore, setting a good example is the best way to influence others because this way is the less damaging and authoritarian, and more inclusive and beneficial method to achieve a greater result. In addition, because this method promotes solidarity and unity, instead of division and competition. Lastly, because this method highlight humanity instead of cruelty.  