In some societies, students are expected to identify a career by the time they enter high school. People who start a career can make it happen. Students who took it early can ask their counter for advices. Many students believe that starting a career at a young age is a good idea because students can go to college after their courses, students can get a job after college, and students doesn't have to worry about making one in the future. Starting a career at a young age is a bad idea because it can cause students to quit their courses, it can cause lots of thinking to make one, and it can cause waste of time. Students will quit their courses. For instance, when ever they went to class and took it for three weeks, they will usually give up. Furthermore, it can cause people to lose interest about their career. Teens who quit their courses, they have a hard time because it was difficult for them to keep up. Therefore, it is important to think first before taking that class. It can cause lots of thinking to make one. For example, it takes time for adults to make their career. In addition, they will mostly think about getting a job first. Adults will usually think about getting a job because they want to earn money first. Not only that, adults like to spend time with their friends, but they make their career after they get paid enough to start their life. It can cause waste of time. In fact, kids will spend time playing video games than making a career. Moreover, they think that career is school related. When making a career, kids will often write "don't know" and they will usually get back to their hobby. Thus, it is essential to make a plan first before making a career at a young age. Making a career at age of twelve or under is careless because it made people overthink, it made them go back doing something, and it can cause them negative towards their courses. When ever they took their class about two or three weeks, they will usually give up. Kids will often write "don't know" on their career paper. Making a career will take time for people to make, but don't give up easily if they can't pace up.