In my opinion it's not a good idea because in every country in world it's role that student has to study 12 year in the then have to go to college. There is some people in the world that they would like to graduate early because they don't like school the only reason they don't like the school is that they wake up early, and they can't sleep. If we graduate on the time then we can do something to the country. It's good if someone wants to take courses because they will learn more things they will have more experience. In the other country's the rule in schools are every student have to study 12 years, 7 or 6 books in a book, 12 or 14 test two time in the year the one test is in the half year and the other test is in end of year. In other country after graduate every student of school have to take a big test for college or university in this test the score are start from 1 to 400 hundred the top score is 400 hundred if anyone get the first position the president will give him gift and some money also. The most university are 4 year but only doctor have to study 7 years. Our response is that to tell the student who want graduate early that it's not good to graduate early because you didn't learn anything you came to schools to learn something not for time pass. There is some student they are coming school for time pass they want to pass their time if you ask them a question they can't answer it for that reason we have to complete 4 year in high then graduate. If a student graduate early then college and university will hard for him because he didn't learn the thing that he need it in the college or university. Working in school time is not good for student, because he can't learn anything like in the morning he is coming to schools and after schools he is going to work, and he is coming from work night, and he sleeps so when he will study if he didn't study he can't graduate. It's rule that 18 year or over 18 have to work, but someone is in the school, and he is 18 it's not to work his family have to support him to study. It's family responsibility to tell his child to study. When he graduate then he has to work because he doesn't have to study too much because collage is easy that school. I hope they change the rule that when student finish there class and pass ESOL than they are graduate, because the student will take the class that they need it to finish high school and they only focus eon the ESOL and the class that they need if they didn't study the other subjects then why that make the class they make the class to study and learn something for that reason they have to make a new rule.  