I agree with Churchill's statement about the important role that failure plays in the pursuit of success because, the more the try the more experience they will get, they will get more power, they can control people, and they will get freedom and respect.Most of the people are scared of losing or failing. They think failure is the end of the career. For example most people when they fail in business they give up, or some people don't try things because they are scared of the unknown. One of my minor always telling me the more you try, the more experience you will get. For example I tried many types of business and I failed on some of them like I tried to do real estate I brought a house and I lost $50,000 because I didn't know how much the house worth. Also, I tried Bitcoins and because I joined late I lose $7,000. But I never said I'll quit, what I did is I got a minor his name is Generic_Name, he is doing real estate and i learned a lot of things from him and one of my friends is good on bitcoins so I asked him to teach me, and he became my minor. After you get the experience you will get power and what I mean by that is it will be hard to fail. For example Bill Gates is a powerful man in business do you think he will be in debt? The answer is no it will never happened because if he lost everything he made other people will help him to success again and everybody wants to work with him. Then, you have to have a control because you don't want other people to tell you what to do. For example who has the control in the hospital? The doctors, or who has the control on companies? The CEOs. The reason why they have the control is they are more successful, or more educated, or they are powerful. Another example if someone has a company he will have the most control because he'll be the most powerful person in the company. The last thing you will get is the freedom and respect. As a businessman what I mean by freedom is you can go where ever you want when ever you want, and what I mean by getting respect from people are two ways the first one is when you are more educated than them and when you make more money than them. At the end success is like the marathon, you don't want to be the first person who get it, but you want to enjoy it. 