Some businesses have adopted a four-day work week day to be able to save energy and resources with the ten hours each day. My school is also considering to adopted this model. There are benefits and disadvantages that school shall consider. Students, parents, teachers and other workers members should also give their opinion about this new model. Their option is very important because they will be working for an extra two hours each day, but they will also have one more week day free. After school hear their opinion then school should make the decision about adopted a four-day work week. In my opinion as student I could say that this is not a good idea, because we will have to stay for an extra two hours in the same place which would not be good for students, be at school for 8 hours is hard for us and I could not imagine be there for a longer time. Although we will have an extra day for be with our family and do homework or any other assignment but whatever we still do all those things with the two day we have now. School should also consider that some teachers and worker members have their kids, and they cannot be with their babysitter for ten hours. They need to be with they family after school and do others things. Stay for two more hours will be very stressful for everyone. School will use the same amount of energy, because they will be using an energy for two more hours each day which is equivalent if they reduced the five-week day to four-week day. The same amount of energy will be used in both ways. Make a new change will affect not only at school it will also affect society. Everyone is adapted to the system as it is now if the is any change there will be needed new rules for example what students will be doing two more hours in school or what we are supposed to do with an extra free day during the week. If students have an extra day during the week will not be beneficiary, because they can use these time to play video games or spend their time doing things that are not good for them. If school approved the new model they will need to raise the work's wages for the two more hours of work in each day which will count as over time, because the legal hours per day for a person should work is just eight hours. In fact, they will be paying more money compare to the money they are paying now. Now they are just are not paying over time. The school should not be adopted this new model, because they will be using more resources. In my opinion school definite should not adopt the new model, because there are more disadvantages than benefits. If any other school have not done before is because it is not good for students. The new change is not necessity for our school. The same energy will be used and there will be more resources used. For some businesses might work but it will not work for our school. I hope my school do not decided to make this new change.  