I agree with this statement, because it is hard to be yourself, in a world like this, where the people judge everything in your life, and you have to be how they want, they are always telling you what you have to do or what you not, and they not care about your opinion. A example:In my personal life is with my family, they are always telling me what I have to do, and when I do something wrong they judge me, they want to select my friends, my clothes, include my shoes, in a situation like this is difficult to be what you really what to be, and the razor is because they don't give us a chance to demonstrate what we really are. Another example is:With the people of outside, we are never going to be how they want, if they saw you with a boy who use tattoo they think he is a bad boy, if you are a fat girl your ugly, if you are a skinny girl your ugly too, if you use a mini skirt you are a crazy women. So we never will be fine. Everybody can judge, but we have to be strong, we have to try to demonstrate what we are, or what we like to do. Razons:We can have a lot of bad situations in this life, Maybe one day we can feel bad or sad, Because we not feel good with the people who judge, maybe we are tired to feign to be another person, or maybe we can think negatively. An example of this could be said "I never do something good"," I am not a good person". So we need to be what we want to be, and love yourself is the most important thing, if you not love yourself anyone can love you more than you, obviously we have to know what decisions we want to take, you have to feel good with yourself, with your decisions. You have to show what you are, if you feel good you will be good. All these are razors for which one is hard to be yourself, and is for that razor I agree with Mr. Ralph Waldo Emerson, because I feel identified with what he says; I feel a winner, I feel happy with my personality, and is because I don't care what the people say, or think about me, is my life, I take my decisions. If I am a crazy women who always is imperative but I feel good with that am fine. I like to be happy, be my self. I really love me. Furthermore, I don't have to feign nothing. The little girl who was always doing what the people saying is in the past not in my present. I'm learning to be my self, so "Yes" I make the greatest accomplishment in my life, and is nice to be your self, now I feel relax, and satisfy with my decisions, I demonstrated what I am. I have a beautiful life, and my life always is with laugh, laugh, I am crazy, and I love to be crazy, my personality is unique. And I like that, so I feel very happy.