So I think if we should do the four-day school week here at Generic_School. Because here are one advantage and one disadvantage. The one advantage is that the student will get a three-day weekend. And then here is an another advantage is that the student would have enough time to finish their homework and project. And then for the one disadvantage is that the student would have a longer school day because they are adding the eight hour that we are going to miss for Friday school day. They would be dividing that eight hour of school for the four day of school that we are going to have. And then here is an another disadvantage like would the student who play sport have short practice because of this like if we do in real life would that actually happen. So here is my first reason why it is a good reason for this to happen because it would save the school a bunch of money on electric bill. And then here is another good reason that we should do this is that it would help the teacher teach to student understand the material a little better. And then here is second reason why it is a bad reason to do this and school like this will give student who play sport a short time to do homework at home because they have school then after school they have practices in conclusion we should try this for a month and then after that month we can see if we should keep this thing going on for the rest of the school year. Like we can ask the student if they want it to stay. Or we can back the regular scuddle like we go the regular time that we get school, and then we go back to the five-day school week. Like in my opinion we should try this out and see how this turn out like would most of the student like this or would most of them hate like I think this is going to be like a 50 50chance of this working and not working. Like I feel like most of the student would like and the rest of student hating this because the extending hour of the school day but the student who are going to love this is because of the three-day weekend and then for the teacher they all would love this idea for the school year