Generic_NameGreetings Generic_Name I am writing this letter to you, to let you know that am very interested on going to visit and learning more about your dealership. For the future am I planing on pursuing the Auto tech field. In the past I worked at a MC Donald's. At the moment am a high school student who is involved in the Auto tech classes, I'm also a member of the engine building team. When I first came to this the U.S. I started working with my brother on landscaping, under a lot of pressure. When I first started working at MC Donald's I didn't know a lot about how to treat costumers. With in the time I experience multiple occasions in which I had to be patient and listen to the costumers. I had to learn how to work with different people and different personalities. Thanks to the opportunity MC Donald's gave to work there I gain a lot of knowledge on treating costumers. Now I can say that am confident and willing to work with others and help costumers. At the moment I'm involved in the auto tech classes and am a member of the engine building team which take place after school. Being in these classes has helped me learn and gain experience on cars. These classes have taught me how to be organized and clean with the tools. In the engine team I learn how to be faster on everything and also being careful. Graduate being an Auto technician is my goal. When I first came to the United States I needed to work, that's when I started working in landscaping with one of my older brothers. Working in landscaping is hard, you have to deal with heavy equipment sometimes. I remember my brother use to put a lot of pressure on me sometimes, because he needed the job to be done in one day. There I learn how to control myself during peer pressure. Thanks to my brother now I know how to use power equipment and delicate tools. With all this being said I would like to be selected to go visit your dealership and learn more about it. I see many opportunities for me at your dealership. I would like to have an Idea of what are the requirements to pursue the auto tech field. With all my experience I'm positive and confident that I can achieve my goal of being a technician one day. I will also like to thank you for taking your time to read this letter.  