The Ways To Success In LifeFailure plays an important role in the path of success. To gain success in life we all have to go from difficult situations. We do not have to lose hope at failure. Failure is the key to success. We learn the lesson from our mistakes. If we does not do the mistake so, how would we learn the things better. We should learn the things from our failure instead of losing hope. Encourage yourself and other when you are facing the failure is a good thing. If someone fails again and again in their goal, we have to encourage them for not to lose hope, determination about goals and be enthusiastic. We need to help people if they need us, if we see someone who are losing their hope because of the failure, we have to encourage them for not to lose hope. Because if they lose hope, they are destroying their dreams and goals by their own hands. At least we have to try something until we reach to our goal. There was a spider, who wants to go to his home, but he was not reaching to his home because it was so high, he tried first time he failed, he tried second time he failed, but he did not lose the hope. When he tried the eighth time, he reached to his goal just because he did not lose the hope. We have to try as many times as we can but never lose the hope. We should have determination about our desire. If we are determined about our desire then we can reach to our goal. For the success we have to do a lot of things like hardworking, but the main point is determination. For instance if we think we can not do this thing then it's really happen. First we have to prepare our minds that this is my desire and I will have to reach my goal. There is nothing wrong to make or see the dreams, but the determination about your dreams can take you to path of success. Be enthusiastic about your work and goal is the great way for success in life. We have to be thrilled about our goal. Enthusiasm is a great thing, we have to learn from the failure without loss of enthusiasm. In the pursuit of success we do not have to be sad. Be happy that you learn from your mistake and now u can do that better than before. From the failure we are getting more experiences. For example when teens go for their first job, they do not have experience. They do not know how to manage their time in job, how to take customers and how to deal with the difficult situations. Every day they do mostly mistake and learns from their failures. At the end of the year they are master in everything but if they do not lose hope and be enthusiastic about their work. Life is so hard but we can make it easy if we do not lose hope, be determined about our goal and be enthusiastic. To gain the success we have to do a lot of hard work but if we fail at any point we do not have to lose hope and just sit down because we fail. We have to learn from our mistake and just try, try and try until you reach to your goal. If we fail after hard work it does not mean we can not fulfill our dreams. However, if we fail after a lot of hard work it means we have to try again. Because hard work will never waste so just keep trying until you reach your goal. So, we should never have to be afraid of the failures. It is good for us to learns more from failure and do better next time. Never give up on your dreams and desires. Try for your ambitions and happiness. One day you will get the success, as Former British Prime Minister Winston Churchill said that:"success consist of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm."