- Is it a good idea for students to finish high school in three years? In my opinion it is not a good idea because the normal time to be in school and the normal and traditional years to spend in high school is four years. Graduating early is not a bad idea but neither is a good idea, why? Because some students need to learn more before graduating. In school, you just don't learn math or English, for example you also learn:How to save up money for a better future to have a better behavior learn how to spell some stuff correctly to write essaysThere is a lot that you must know before graduating. Most of these stuff you learn in high school, and yes it might be a possibility that you can just learn all of that in three years by doing extra tests maybe staying after school, extra work, and not having any elective classes. Most of the teenagers would love to graduate a year early but doing all that stuff it's a lot of stress, maybe instead of enjoying the weekends with your friends or family you just stay home finishing work from school. Some teenagers also have a job after school and doing extra work not spending time with your family nor friends can stress you a lot take a lot of time and yeah it could be worth it but what if you don't pass any of those classes, or you do but graduate without even knowing what's the difference between a debit card and a credit card. In my opinion graduating early should not even be allowed because for example I have this one friend that is doing that and taking extra classes, she doesn't have any elective classes, on the weekends she doesn't go out nor spends time with her family, every time I see her instead of seeing her happy I see her stressed and tired, because she works and comes to school but she's most likely graduating this year and that something that you should be proud of, that's something that is going to help you a lot in a future, and you can also start saving up money earlier than you thought, but in a future when you look back and remember your high school moments you won't have cute or fun moments to remember all you will remember is ow hard you used to work to get there and how many times you missed maybe a family dinner or a family reunion or a friends' sleepover. Graduating early is actually good because you can have a better future but graduating early won't let you enjoy your life right now that we are young. Honestly I thought about graduating early one time and I told one of my friends and all he said was" If you know you won't regret it in a future go ahead" that got to my head a lot because this age that we are in now, is only once there won't be no other chance to go back and be 17 years old again, and to enjoy your parents and the time that you have with them right now. Basically my option is no, it is not a good idea to graduate early.