When I was in the fifth grader I went to the camp over summer the first day they made us do a project with a group to earn the title of the best group. The benefits of working in the group or working alone. Working in the group is more beneficial rather than working alone to work in the group is fun, makes me be more responsible, and it is also the easier and creative way of finding solutions for the problem.First, working in the group is fun. For example, I have a friend who didn't like to work with anyone or even talk in his classroom,,, one day his teacher put him with group of students after working with them, he finally made a new friend and the work that teacher was giving them was much more enjoyable with mates. For that reason I think this is a great way of learning, communicating and building friendship with people around us. Also group work makes us more responsible. I have friended his name is Generic_Name and I want to tell you something about him, he is the most irresponsible student I have ever seen, but when it comes to a group work he is getting his job always done because he doesn't want his group lose the competition or simply fail the project. This made my vision clear that working with others makes people more responsible. Some say working with a group distracts them from the task, but I will disagree with them because I believe, that working in the group helps you find the creative way of solving the problems. In my computer science class we usually work with groups, so there is this guy that thinks he knows more than some of us and for that reason he didn't work with us, so we solved the problem the way that no one in our class has solved the problem this way and the teacher gave us extra points for being the creative group of the class, and the smart guy that I mentioned before couldn't solve that problem. This is way I don't like to underestimate my teammates or classmates I know that together we can be smarter, faster, and even the problem seems unsolvable together we can do it. In conclusion, working with a group is enjoyable, make you fulfill your obligations, and makes it easy for students to solve any kind of tasks. Finally, students are not going to be stressed about the problem and will complete the task with higher quality.