Living on this planet, everyone has their own character traits. But does everyone create their own characteristic traits or are they influenced by those they surround their self's with.? John Lubbock, a British naturalist and politician wrote, "Your character will be what you yourself choose to make it." I take a position on representing that you are in control choosing and creating your own character. In building your own character it's all in your mindset. Mindset takes a big part in someone's character because it shows what kind of person you are and how you represent your self and how you portray things in life. The way you think has an effect on you as a person and how you betray things in life. It also takes part in whom you surround yourself with. Do you surround yourself with people who have goals in their life or inspire you to become a better you.? It also takes part on things you choose to do and say on a daily basis. The decision you make could lead into something better or for the worse in current situations or in the long run. Having motivation and a goal in the life builds you as a person and sets you for growth. When you see someone in your life not doing well and not in a good current situation you want to avoid being in that position. But when you start seeing someone in your life doing better things and living the life that you want to accomplish, it's on your part to doubt yourself or make that you motivation. When you strive for something in life and start working hard for it, your mentality starts to change to do better and get to your goal. Some may argue that the people you surround your self with is beyond your control on how your character traits are formed. Yes the people you surround yourself with everyday might have an effect on your characteristics, but it isn't beyond your control. You can have something to motivate you to be better than who you surround your self with. You have control over your thoughts and how you see things in life. It takes part on you and what you strive for in life. In conclusion, Your own character traits are something's that come within you and how you portray life. Your character traits aren't something that is beyond your control but is something that you can control with motivation and a goal to strive for, and it all comes from a strong minded.  