Technology allows people to complete many tasks without having contact with others. Today, people prefer to interact with technology than people. They can check out books, shops, and play games without speaking to another person. Some people think the limitation of human contact due to the use of technology have positive effects on people's lives because technology makes easier their lives, for example they not need to leave their houses for buy or to joint with another person to play games. However, I think the limitation of human contact due to the use of technology have negative effects because people prefers to shop on onliner than stores, people use more technology to talk, and also children plays with technology than with another person or toys. Today, people prefer to shop by online than stores. I saw and lived this experience many times about buy by online, but I not feel comfortable as a store. Online shops make feel lazy, alone, and when you have questions about the product nobody can answer you. I bought by online many times but one day I understand that online shop is not healthy for me because when I go to stores I'm practicing my English vocabulary, I walk a lot that means that I'm doing a little exercise, and meet new places and people. Shop by online avoid the human contact and gives negative effects on people's lives. People use more technology to talk, as FaceTime, Facebook, whats sap or others applications. I agree to talk with this applications with people who live far away, but I prefer to join with my friends or family to talk who lives close. Sometimes, I came out with my sister and their friends who always are in their phones texting or taking pictures. In my personality, use the phone when you are sharing with another person is not respect, and you are not enjoying the moment. The use of phones during a meeting avoid the interaction with other human, and gives negative effects on the people's live. Finally, children more plays with technology than with another child or toys. In the past, children plays with toys, or they made their own toys. This helped to children to developed their imagination or recover their skills. Also, children invented plays involving run, altar or make force; this plays helped to children to enjoy healthy and socializing with other child. But today, children prefers to play with technology avowing come out and carrying to be lazy, obesity, and addicting to the technology. Children's break times likes to use their phones than talk with their friends or family. They think that interacting with family or friends are old things and that is most enjoy use the phone in their break times. The use of technology for children is a negative affect because they not play or rationing with another people. Today, people use more technology than interact with another person, carrying people to complete take wot out having contact with others. This limitation of human contact due to the use of technology have negative effects on people's lives.