Being a teenager is hard in are decade. Because as a teenager growing up in this period of time is hard. If you do not follow the trend, do what others do. People will judge you and, also you might not be cool enough to have friends. But at the end of the day you have yourself respect. I agree that you should be yourself. Because you should be proud of who you are, and will be success, happy, and do what you are good at. Some people say, Individually we are one in order to be one only you got be proud of who you are, nor letting anyone change you. For instance, first when I moved in here in 2016 from Egypt. I was a 14 years old. It could have affected me. When people were making fun of my English. Because I did not know how to speak It, and did not know the culture. Which It was hard for me. But I was proud of me self for trying to learn, and still I'm learning everyday something new. It's a good feeling to feel proud of yourself. Even when people try to hate on you or make fun of your accent. If you are a strong person nothing will stop you. From being proud, and making your family proud because they work hard for to be successful in the future. Succes is not easy. There is a lot of reason's for those who are sackful. They worked hard for It. Main reason how they became successful is never give up. That is the key not giving up, being yourself. While people in my school having ''fun''. I stay home studying to become successful, and make myself proud. Also, my family. Teenager should not be a follower. Everyone should be them self. For example, There is always the good, and bad. You choose who you hang out with. Will help you with what you want to be in the future. If you hang with people that do sports and health that is good because you will be successful. Once you do what you always had planing for in the future. You will feel happy. And to be in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else. That will even make you happier. To be more specific. Trying to be you're self while everybody is different is not easy. Sometimes students afford me to smoke in the bathroom. I always say no. They might laugh eat me for not smoking, and not being ''cool''. However, I think of whom I'm if I do not like doing something. I should not do it because someone else is doing it or to make other happy but not myself. Some might say, I disagree you should not be you're self. Because other people can not be them self or might harm them self in a way. Such as doing drugs, skiping school, not being respectful to you're family, and friends. However, I think being yourself in a world that is trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. Cause it makes you. Proud of who you are, succesful in what you do Also, It makes you happy for what you have accomplish.  