PROPER_NAMELESS_IMPROPER_NAME October 24, 2018. Some schools use cell phones in the classroom for education purpose. Many people say cellphones is a great tool for specific things, such as something you may want to know or something you do not know. In my opinion cell phones should not be allowed to use it the classroom because students use cellphones all day and do no pay attention, cellphones it can be used for other things, and cellphones distract you. The students use the cellphones all day and do not pay any attention during class is awful for students because, they come to school to learn and not be in their cellphones. For example, cellphones it may help you to look for something you might want to know, but when the test and quizzes comes students are not going to know anything because students did not pay attention for being in their cellphones the hall day doing nothing. Cellphone it can be used for other things, for text with friends or, play games during classes, for watch videos during class, listen to music and not listening on what the teacher is saying. Also, students use cellphones to take videos, or photos that they want to search in their social media or just for have fun. For example some students likes to take photos of someone just for have fun or just for bully them in their social media. Some people say cellphones is a tool to do homework, project, or something you want to do in your cellphone, or when you are confused with something, however cellphones distract you to do this kind of stuff, such as being at your apps and not doing what you suppose to be doing while because you are texting or face timing someone, and you get distract, and you forgot about to finish your homework or classwork that the teacher have signed you to do, and your grades might go down into a zero if your keep distracting yourself being in your phone during class time. In conclusion some schools use cell phones in their classroom for educational purpose. Cellphones should not be allowed during classroom for educational purposes because students would not learn anything if they are in theirs cellphones during classroom, we know that every student love being in their cellphone during the day, but cellphones will not help student in their educational purposes, and cellphones are not going to help you learn what you need to learn during students school education.  