Many people can set a good example by the way to behave, but you can also Influence people by the professional career you have. I believe example is not the main thing it is the only thing because younger people growing up look to you by the way your behavior is, and they hear the kind of language you use towards friends and adults. For example, when I was growing up I looked up to my brother I watched his actions very closely. One day I saw my brother giving food to poor people at 7-Eleven, and I was shocked, the next day I went to give food at 7-Eleven. Eventually, as I was leaving the store the manager called me up and asked me why I was giving food out, and I told him that I saw my brother giving, so I thought that was the right thing to do. In another occasion my brother and mom went to the toy store to buy some toys for a birthday present for my cousin and my brother really wanted this toy so and my mom said that she was not going to buy for him, so he started kicking the floor because he was mad at my mom and because of that my mom bought him the toy. So the next day my mom took me to the supermarket with her and I really wanted this snack from the shelf, and she said that I could not buy it, so I started kicking the floor and crying therefore my mom bought me the snack. Since I saw my brothers actions and behavior towards my mom and saw it worked out well I did the same thing. For instance, one day I heard my mom arguing with my dad on the phone because of some misunderstanding they had, and my mom was using foul language to address her part of the side and my dad was using it too. So later on in the day my mom called me on the phone and told me to go get my little brother at school and I told her it was not my problem to get him, and then I started using foul language on the phone because I thought it was okay because she used on my dad. In another occasion I heard my brother giving out compliments to people on the street and by the way he spoke it influenced me to say the same thing as him as walked the streets. Some people may argue that people get better influenced by a person of its professional career because they think they got to the place there at right now by showing they can go anywhere no matter what example they show. In conclusion, I believe that example is the one and only thing that influences others because what your actions do your younger sibling and friends are going to follow it and get influenced by you. The actions my brother took I followed them if though they were good or bad I got influenced by it. Also, the way my mother was speaking and the language she was using towards my dad influenced me to speak back to her that way when she called me.  