People should seek guidance from experts and authorities about lives important matters for many reasons, there are some emotions following our own decisions whether is right or not, people shouldn't always follow their heart and do something it could cost your life in the future. Another suggestion is asking for help to those who knows how to guide and gives ideas to people following their own decisions. Having some different types of ideas from different people or culture it can help us to work and do better in life because life's important matters. It can help our socialite do better for our new children's and the who's around in our environment.First, some particular people sometimes shouldn't always follow their heart or emotions whether is right or wrong we can always seek for help and do what we like to do in our daily life. For example, the other day I made the worst decision because I didn't have the courage to share my thoughts with anyone in my family or friend about quitting my job or not. I felt like if I suggested asking someone to help me clear my mind I was going to do better now. Next, later on I saw my manager and told me they had a better job position for me with better health insurance plan. In this case I feel that seeking for guidance is not always a bad idea, is the opposite we can help each other. I made a bad decision for not communicating with others about my problem whether to stay or leave, what I did it was left the job. Secondly, in many cases we think we know a lot, but in reality is that other people can help us to do and give new ideas in our life. Then, If I want to change something in my life I have to love myself more and have the courage to communicate with others and let them know what I am thinking and expect a better result. On the other hand, making your own decision can also help you to be successful about life and not depend on others. For example, someone who's expert, can let me know and give me some advices about a project because they already know it or went through and have lots of experiences in that area. I always believe information is important if we're working as a team is the best for the human we get to know each other time and values. Although, everything works best when we seek for a true guidance. To conclude, in many cases people are really successful because they met or know someone from different culture and shares different types of ideas. In this world we live in many times this is the best way to work with as a team by seeking help from experience people and open up our brain more to understand the problem and to move on forward in our life. If woman and man work together life's gets easier because we all putting our efforts so that we can have a better tomorrow for our lives and children's. Let's all do better and be better for a better tomorrow.  