I really need to find a career path. With your help, I think we'll be able to come up with a solution. You should come my school not just to help me, but to help others too. Students need to gain experience to at least understand what to do, and how to act in the work place. They can really benefit by finding a new career. Their interest can take them a long way. Your help can take them a long way, and they can potentially help you too. Coming to my school would help me gain experience, find an interest, and gain something beneficial. Experience is key in finding a job that interests you. If I join an internship I can potentially gain a lot of experience. An internship helps you to prepare for what's to come later on in your career. Work ethic and how to do your job are things you might learn. I really need to learn what's the wrong thing to do, and what's the right thing to do in the work place. For example, you need to learn how to address your boss in a polite way. If you mess that up, it could possibly cost you your career. I really need to learn this stuff to improve my career later down the line. I know you would be capable to help me with that. Benefits are things you gain out of a situation. If you help me I will benefit from this, and you could benefit from this too. I can gain a lot if you help me. I could pursue an amazing career that would help me out a lot. My career would help me pay for bills, rent, and my car. If your internship helps me find a good career, that career can help me financially. It's like a domino affect. It can also benefit me emotionally. If I really like my job, that makes me happy. Don't forget that this could benefit you too. You could potentially gain knowledge about what your doing wrong and what your doing right. You can improve as a manager of your business; possibly changing your work style or business style. I can help you with certain things too if I join your internship. You have to be interested in something to start a good career. What is your career going to be based around? You can help me find a job I'm interested in or lead me down a path where I can start the job I'm interested in. In my opinion, you have to like your job to succeed in your career. If you don't, It could lead to quitting. If I know what I want to do, you can point me in the right direction, and I'll work hard in order to reach my goal. If I don't know what I want to do, you can help me find something. You can see what I'm good at and what I'm not good at, what my likes and dislikes are, and from there you can help me find a career I want to pursue. I know you will help me find a career I'm interested in. In conclusion, experience is something I want to gain in order to know how to do other things. I want to gain a lot of benefits, because they will lead to good and better things. I really want to find a good career that I'm interested in, so I can manage myself. Furthermore, I know if you were to come to my school and talk to me, and let me join your internship, I would be able to gain all these things. 