I agree with this statement, because one there's no knowledge without imagination, secondly Albert Einstein has made many inventions, and he has succeeded, and lastly you can be creative with your imagination. One reason, is there is no knowledge without imagination, because your have to be open-minded about things. Imagination isn't just a picture in your head. Knowledge is something to see, and think about. It's not hard to use your imagination its fun, because you can think about anything you want. Even if you have to write an essay, then you need to use your imagination as well. Many people invent things, but before they make it they think about what they want to make, and they imagine what they want. People invented cars, motorcycles, bikes, and skateboards, But before they made all those things they drew it out they took there imagination, and put it on a piece of paper. My second reason is Albert Einstein invented many things he might have failed on some, but he succeeded on many. He said" imagination is more important than knowledge" he made that statement because he used it to make his creations great. It helped him on many things. And it can help us too. For example if you are writing something, you have to use your imagination on it. If you are listening to music, then you are using your imagination as well. Albert Einstein was a very smart man. He had made many things in life, and we use it till now. Even if your thinking about something then you're using your imagination too. People had made phones all different types of phones, People have made flip phones, iPhone, and androids they all invented that, and used there minds and creativity to make all that. My last reason is to be creative with your imagination, I chose this because if you're making a book you need to let the reader think, and picture the scene in there mind, or if you're reading a book then you have to imagine it in your head instead of just reading it, and doing nothing. Also, if your teacher is explaining things to you, then you have to think about what she's saying, and think about what you're going to do. For example, I once had to make an assay for my teacher, and it was about life bellow water it was pretty hard, and I had to explain what was going on in the ocean. It took a while to make, but I ended up saying that people keep throwing trash in the ocean can you imagine how many animals, and creatures are dying every day because of that? I imagined all of it, and people should not throw trash in the ocean. Every time I read a book I saw it all in my head, and it was cool, and fun! Also, every time I wanted to draw something, I would have to see it in my head, and see what I should draw. Even if you are trying to make song or something, then your have to imagine how the beat is going to go, and figure out if it sounds good to you. Even if you're making a poem then you have to think what rhymes or doesn't rhyme. Also, there are doctors that have to see if they can save someone, they have to think and see in there head if they should get this, or that. Everyone uses there imagination there isn't knowledge without imagination. There are kids that get read to, and they imagine what's going on they don't just listen they think about what they hear. That is why I agree with Albert Einstein.