The famous artist Michelangelo once said, "The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low, and achieving our mark." His quote implies that completing a low goal is far worse that failure. In my opinion, I agree with Michelangelo's quote; when people aim too low, they are preventing themselves to have learning experiences. In order for growth and improvement, one must be required to step out off their comfort zone. Because aiming high comes with better results, it can serve as motivation to completing a goal. Although one may fail while aiming high, you will gain experience and knowledge from the situation. To begin with, growth comes with attempting to accomplish new things out of your comfort zone. While always staying in your comfort zone, aiming low, you will be confining yourself, which prevents you from improvement. When you set your aim high, it assists with finding out what you are truly capable of. For instance, when working towards a goal, it comes with finding your true self. You can learn about your interests and hobbies, or even new ideas and thoughts that come to mind. When setting you aim high, it improves you as a person and helps with your own growth. Not to mention, aiming high for a goal is possible when you have the right mentality. When you aim high, the results are more motivating than when going for a goal set low. For instance, when achieving to graduate high school, one may aim to graduate as valedictorian. Being the valedictorian comes with great results such as getting into a better college or even just feeling better about yourself. If you put your mind to it, believe in yourself, and work hard towards it, you will be able to accomplish any goal. Furthermore, failing at achieving a goal provides experience. When you fail, you can use that situation to understand where you went wrong. In order to succeed the next time you attempt again, you can improve your mistakes. Failing is essential to the learning process as it gives you a chance to better yourself to prevent future mistakes. This knowledge you have accumulated from this certain situation, will be useful if applied to other life problems. On the other hand, when you aim for a low mark, there is no learning lesson you may gain. However, some people believe nothing is wrong with setting your aim low. Instead, they believe that going for a goal set too high is worse as it means it will come with failure. These people view failing as a discouragement as others may consider them as a weak. However, aiming high and failing gives you a life-longing experience by having the chance to improve your mistakes. When attempting again, you will have gained the knowledge to do so. In conclusion, I believe that setting our aim too low and achieving it is far worse than aiming high and failing. For the fact that we need to grow as a person, we can not always stay in our comfort zone. By setting goals too low, we are preventing ourselves to grow and improve. By setting goals to a higher level, we can gain experience and knowledge that comes with the path to achievement. 