The quote, '' hard work pays,'' means a lot when it comes to doing something and one staying idle. The world today upgrades itself each and every day, which tells us that we should always be doing new every day as humans. Although some people say that been idle is the best way to go because it relaxes the body and gives it a new form of strength actually doing something always not only exposes one to new ideas and strategies but also makes the human body active and vibrant at all times. There are a lot of chances one can benefit from been productive other than been idle. To start with, there are a lot of goodness in been productive than been an idle man. People who invest in their time to produce something meaningful are known across the globe because of their hard work and dedication. Due to how hardworking they are, they get the chance to explore new ways of doing things and new ideas that would help them in their next exploitation. For instance, since Bill Gates is hardworking man, he is known across the globe and due to this he has been exposed to other new things that would help him in whatever he is doing now. Again, when there is a football match between two different teams, and if one team is seen practicing so hard than the other, it would be considered that the team seen practicing the most would deliver more than the other team with no doubt. Moreover, doing something always makes an individual active and lives longer than been idle. A person who is seen to be doing something productive all the time is considered to be adding more years to his or her age due to the fact that working tirelessly everyday helps keep the body in form and shape which by, so doing prevents diseases that attack people. For instance when a person walks about a half and a mile to work every day, it is very difficult to see that individual get sick because the body is always busy looking for something to do. On the other hand, idleness brings nothing but retrogression and failure because you're not able to bring forth anything productive, and therefore it becomes a waste of time, energy and resources. One can make the comparison so easily between a productive person and someone been idle, a productive person can always be seen advancing from one stage to the other while an idle person will be seen at the space that he is at always. Furthermore, when people say '' time is money,'' they are definitely talking about how one is able to use his available to produce something meaningful for himself to get money and have some other benefits as well. No one gets rich by just sitting at home, folding his hands and just expect something to happen. People may argue on this that one can make it in life when he or she inherits the possession from his family. This may be true because you may have everything to yourself, but everything will be squandered if one does not work hard to top it up or add more to what he has. People choose idleness because it is more relaxing and the easiest way to go because you just sit there and wait for whatever happens to happen. Been idle can also affect a person in way or the other. In the sense that, if a person is seen to be at one place all the time, it may be considered that the person may be lazy and this may deprive him off certain opportunities that might help him in one way or the other. Last but not least, working hard or been productive gets one a recognition or a specific type of award that goes a long way in life. There is no doubt about the fact that people who work hard are awarded the most and are the ones that are shown to the world for others to see and emulate their footsteps. For instance, Usain Bolt has been winning almost all his race in the Olympics, and it sends a good message about him to the world because of how hardworking he is. Due to this someone else can decide to emulate his footsteps to become a world star like him. Again no one chooses to be last in whatever he is doing but rather aims at the high spot. Although some people say that been idle is the best way to go because it relaxes the body and gives it a new form of strength actually doing something always not only exposes one to new ideas and strategies but also makes the human body active and vibrant at all times.It is always good to look at the brighter side of good, and it is always advisable to go for what is right. Productivity brings a lot of good things in a person's life than any other thing a person can think of while Idleness brings nothing but retrogression in one's life.