Technology, it may be a helpful tool, but it's also a distraction which affects adults and children. This means that now, almost everybody is so into technology in certain way. I get that people use technology because of their jobs, but for other people is a distraction. I'm not saying it's a bad to have technology, what I'm saying is that now people don't hang out like they used to, they don't go shopping anymore now, they only want to be at home this is why, I considered a negative effect to people's lives. Now almost teenagers, don't hang out with their friends anymore because they just can face time or call them without going out of their house. If they do hangout they are only on their cellular devices and not socializing; that's mean to the person that they are hanging out. They are only worried about their social media for example, they only see how many likes, comments and followers they get. Also, about what people say about them in social media and if they get tag in a picture. This is how people are now, they don't see the importance of talking to each other, they only want to know about what people say about them in social media. People now does not want to go shopping stores anymore, which this means that stores are closing because of people buying everything online. So buying everything on online is the new thing on technology, therefore people now doesn't need to go out to buy what they need, now people just can order it that's why, they are being more lazy. For example, if they want pizza they just order it online, or they saw a cute dress, but they didn't want to go to the store and buy it, they just order it online. And they get it to their house, so they don't go all the way there. In this generation, almost everyone stays at home because they just want to be alone watching Netflix or being in their cellular device. Back then, people always went outside and play with their friends in the streets. It was fun to play with other people, people enjoyed it. Sometimes they even got the chance to meet more people. Now, if they want to be play with other people, they just download a game on their cell phones, computer or even on social media; now they have games too. Also, people used to go watch a movie or hangout at least, but now people stay at home because they can see the movies or playing video games with other people online. In conclusion, people don't hang out like they used to, they don't go shopping anymore, now they only want to be at home. Technology had people changed a lot during this generation. But, what I have seen technology is a negative effect on peoples life. This why it's not a good thing of having technology, because is keeping people away from the other people. It's a distraction that's taking away from not talking to family, friends, etc. 