Having you wonder why people able to accomplish so much just in few days? Today society people always works so much they miss out their opportunity in life. Although some might argue that, it is better to does inactivity also serve a purpose, actually it is better to accomplish more if we are always doing something because can lead successful, and you gain experience. It is better to accomplish more if we are always doing something can lead to successful. Thomas Jefferson say it is always good to do something. For example, My uncle when my came to United States he always does something's with his hand such as construction and fix people car my uncle always doing something's new if thous wasn't good them but tried able to accomplish them as such files tax for people he was able to accomplish them. My uncle now files tax people get pay a lots;when people do not know how files tax they came to him files for them by that he was successful because he accomplishes more if always doing something's now he has own company where people work for him. He always advisory worker in order for you to successful always do something's new. This show that it is better to accomplish more if we are always doing something. Another example, it is better to accomplish more if we are always doing lead successful for example, Bill Gate who always doing something's he was the first person to create Microsoft. Bill Gate like always like do something's with computer. He was successful because he is always like to do somethings Bill Gate was rich man on the whole world today because he always does something's build computer. This show that it is better to accomplish more if we are always doing something because can lead successful It is better to accomplish more if we are always doing something you gain experience. For example, my brother who was doing something's he is able to accomplish more things. The first my brother do his internship how to construction wasn't good at all, but he was also keep doing it instill he was able to accomplish it now he knows to how to fix roof and many more things he is expert construction build. This that It is better to accomplish more if we are always doing something you gain experience. Another example I wasn't good at Algebra at all I was fail the class also Got F on classwork and test TOI decide to stay after with teacher start practical math question I understand little by little but the first take my math test able pass test got B on the test my first every to got B on math. I use thought that wasn't at my math class but always do something's in my class able to gain experience in class. This show that It is better to accomplish more if we are always doing something you gain experience. The other side claim that it is better to does inactivity also serve a purpose, because you can be more wise about around you however it is better to accomplish more if we are always doing something you can learn for example, when my mom came to American she did not know how to speak English. She always practical how to read in English and write English. She was able to accomplish that because she always something's with English leaned how speak English. This show that is better to accomplish more if we are always doing something you can learn. Another example It is better to accomplish more if we are always doing something you can learn. Always doing something you can learn from it for example I did not know how to cook anything's any time put dish on fire never come out good but when always keep cook it start to turnout good I was able to accomplish always something new with my dish.Finally, it is better to accomplish more if we are always doing something because can lead successful, and you gain experience. Although some might argue that, it is better to does inactivity also serve a purpose they are wrongs. Never stop trying something new in life it will turn out be more successful than you never to be expected.  