In my opinion, I completely agree with this association church statement. Success consists of going from failure to failure until you get what you're being fighting for, without losing your enthusiasm. However, I realized that the time period it's not the same to the one that we're living on. Company Association, Churches, and Governments are not alike as before, because now if you are trying to achieve something and for some reason you failed, people will start judge on your acts that you're not capable to become your dreams reals. Even though failure plays an important role in the pursuit of success. I would like to share one specific example that fail is the promotion that brings you to success. I would like to lasso the example of your first day on your new job. We all passed through that situation, you feel like you're not lace in, in the directions that your boss or supervisor gave it to you to do and thanks to that some employees start laugh at you, about your failure and no one is loyal to come up to you and teaches you how to do it they stand by and wait until they see that you made it wrong then they try to help you. But, let me tell you something that you already know, the world isn't a rainbow it's a very mean and nasty place, and it doesn't matter how rude you are, it would put you into your knees and keep it permanently if you let it. Not you, not me, even no one hits that hard like life does. But, it doesn't care how it hits, the only thing that really cares is about how much you can take, how much you can get hit and keep moving forward. If you know what you worth, then go out and get what you worth, but you must have to be able to hold out hits and not to came and blame others and say; I can't be the person that I want to be, because of him or her, or anybody. That's how winner is done. In summary all the proofs plays an important factor in how to be successful in life, sometimes is that shove that you needed to get higher. In addition to this, you have to be able to hold out the criticisms of others, if you are not capable your enthusiasm will get shrink and all the effort would be vainly.