Do you think that teenagers should be home by 10 p. m. or not? In this computer, I will argue that teenagers should have a curfew and be home by 10 p. m. to keep them safe and away from trouble. The streets will do you know good, so if teenagers get curfew that will be keep them away from the streets and be home safe with their family and friends. I can relate to this prompt, because I'm a teenager and I know how it feels like not having a curfew to save you from getting in to trouble that's why I will argue that it's important to have a curfew. I think that if teenagers have curfews it will keep them away from trouble like I have already said. Not having a curfew is like you sending your kids to go die or giving them away to the streets and telling them they can do whatever they want, and they will not get in trouble. Curfew will help a lot if the government make it a law that teenagers should be home by 10 p. m. if they are home their will be no getting hurt or being in trouble will the law or your parents. I'm a teenager myself and I would love to keep a curfew that will keep me away from trouble and other bad creams that will get me in trouble will the law or keep me away from my family. No one loves getting in trouble, but if they are out last will other people they call friends that will get them in more trouble, because not all friends are friends when it comes to the streets; or going to jail. I know for sure that if we teenagers have a curfew their will be now one dying, getting hurt, or getting in trouble with the law which means going to jail not all the time, but there are lots of teenagers who go to jail just, because they don't have curfews. I know I'm a child and I don't know much about the law, but I rather get a curfew than go to jail or get in trouble with the law and my family just for staying out last at night. Teenagers will be safe if they have curfews they will not be in streets or get their parents worried about where they are or what they're doing. Safety is the number one thing in the United States and any other country. The curfew will help them, because if they said 10 p. m. they have to be inside than they're inside, because no one can get to them where they're a safe place like their homes. They will be safe they will not get in to fights with people they don't know all, because they were outside all night. They're too young to be outside last at night they need to sleep; because I know some teenagers go out on schools and that can ready affect them, because if you don't get enjoy sleep at night you will not be able to do your work in class and when you are sleeping you will miss out on what the teacher is talking about and when it comes to test you fail it all, because you didn't go sleep and stay outside with your friends all night. Teenagers need to be where they're safe, so that nothing will happen to them and their parents will not worry, because there are lots of creams out there you don't want your kids to be outside at night with all the crazy that's going on out there it's scary, and I know no parents wants to see there kids get hurt, because they didn't have a curfew, and they don't know when to come home. Curfew is there to help and keep us safe and the government need to make that law I really know that if they have curfew time hours how country will be a better place and no one will feel scared to go outside or stay there for long. Curfew will make you have a better future it might sound crazy, but if we have curfews now as teenagers in the future when we get a job it will be easy for us, because we are already use to getting home quick, so that will not be a problem for us at work. The curfew will be a big help to us in the future like I said going to work early will not be a problem, because no office want a person that comes to work last. So, giving us a curfew at this age will help us a lot in the future. Some people say that having a curfew is a bad and interfere in young people's lives, but they're wrong, because it keeps them away from trouble, safe, and they will have a better future if we have the curfew. That's why in the future I would love to see the government make a law about that to keep us safe and keep us away from trouble, so I would give an arm to see that the government make that law I don't know how, but I know that "God" will make that happened in the future.