Have you ever come across of asking people for an advice if so great? Asking people for advice is a good way to see what is good and bad. Why cause if you do something stupid you're going to regret it. The good part is that it's going to be for something that you're going to get better at. If so lets say your having a hard time baking a cake, and you ask for someone's help. The person you ask for help might say" Don't bake that cake for to long and use less eggs". So in that case you learn from the mistake, and now you know how to bake a cake.First it's great for asking an advice because you can ether learn from it. When something wrong your friends are there to tell you what to do or what no to do. Cause if you don't ask people for there option it can mess you up. Let's say your about to fight someone without no one concern. If you would have ask for an advice they would have told you "Don't fight is not the way to go just stay with me, you'll be fine". Asking for advice is the way to go less getting in trouble. Secondly advises can take you far in life you might say how it's just words, but all words have meaning. You're remembering what people tell you in situation. Remembering the words they told you and your won't be in that same situation cause you learn from your last mistake. The word that can take you far in like is "Tell me who you your hanging around with, I'll tell you who to really are". That sentence is strong cause it keeps you think what you're doing with your friends and what have you been done. Just ask for advice to no get in trouble and be a great person in the world. Lastly advises are a great way to show that you care about someone cause not everyone is there for each other. Others might not care your going threw tough time, but ask people for advice to not to anything stupid or something you're gonna regret in the future. Another thing try to ask other people for an advice cause two is better than one. Remember don't do something stupid there are people around you that want to help you in your goods and bad. Lastly be smart of what you're going to do it's not going to hurt you if you talk to someone and get advice from an old person. In conclusion, asking people for advice is great because it can help you in situation. Such as good and bad there are always time you're going to need to talk to someone. Always ask for help never stay quite cause you're going to do something you're going to regret. How I hope I showed you what is good for asking an advice and the pros and cons.