The humanity now in days had been not so good lately, there are many opinions on how you should do things in life or how you should act. It is well-informed that people can be complicated, but nobody will say the life will be easy all the time. I think people should start making their own decision because, they can learn about life, have a better understanding on how life works and how to value their-self and be efficient person on their own. However, there is a big chance that people can tell you how you really should live your life, you have to experienced it in persons there will be a day when you are going to fall or something can happen you are not aware on how life can be so hard and difficult in times. Also, mistakes are allowed nobody is perfect life will surprise you anytime without you notice it you got to be ready to face it not matter how easy or hard it could be. When you make your owns decision you will be capable of making the right decision for yourself. Meanwhile, it is hard to understand life sometimes but is part of our daily life, and you have to understand how it really works so the way you do not stress out for a simple thing, life gives you challenges that only you as the only responsible for yourself have to face it and all will depend how you take things it will be a result of it. As we grow life will make us stronger or weak it all depends but best choice of making the right thing is that you should be aware that anything can happen without given you a hint it will hit you on the right time or not on the best time you wanted it. Anything that will hurt you will make you strong and that's how you know that you are living life. Lastly, people might not notice it but if we do not love ourselves anybody will do it, people do have to depend on some else to be happy it's all about you. In addition, anything you do will not make others happy you have to learn to do everything on your own because that more efficient you are the more good things in life you will make. Be your own and value every single thing that is around, but remember nothing is easy life can surprise you anytime. In conclusion, people should start making their own decisions to be aware of what life really is if your learned and have a better understanding about life in a daily routine anything that will happen will not surprise you. Loving yourself will make you love others. Hopefully people will take a note that life is all about you and not others each person has a different thoughts and ways of seen life. 