Do you know how many people are unhappy for be someone that they don't are?. At the present time in the world exist millions of people that don't live their life of the way that they want. Sometimes is difficult to be yourself in a world where the whole people think that be different is wrong, but the truth is that the greatest accomplishment in the life of each human is being unique and have individuality in all your presence, because be yourself is the goal of the happiness, fight against the prejudice of everyone is not easy and accept you exactly like you are, looks like a war if the whole world is trying to change you. Many people think that have a success and amazing life is had a lot of money, be an important person or have material things but all this things in really don't matter in the process of be yourself, because a person can have all these things, but these things don't define you like a person and these aspects don't give the happiness, and something very important in the life of everyone is that, if you don't have happiness you don't have anything. Is a fact that at least the 60 percent of people is not happy with their life, but studies affirm that this can change just if they choose to be hones with themselves and take out of their life want they don't want. And the first step to be happy is being yourself. The people don't can live being liar with themselves, because this just bring like consequence a miserable life. A person have to accept their personality and their interest based on their thoughts. A serious consequence that the people get if they don't be honest with themselves are diseases like depression, This is a very dangerous problem and one of the most common causes are don't be agreeable with the person or the way that the person is living. For this and many others reasons is that is very difficult be yourself but is the biggest reward. Alongside of your life you have to make a lot of decisions and is important always hear you. The people cannot allow that someone take decisions for they if that affect who are they. First is very important to know exactly what do you want because that is the same that be happy with yourself. Always take your own opinion first, is the answer of be really happy because is very easy to follow the opinion of the others based in their life's or be influenced for a world that always is trying to make you someone else, someone that they don't are. But at the end what a person want is the answer of be really happy. Everyone in the world is trying to find their correct way in their life, and be honest about feelings and all mentioned in this paragraph can be the answer to arrive to the goal and be happy with yourself. Is a fact that actually the world is a constant war, because the majority of the citizens in the world are trying to fight for their rights and be honest with themselves and also with the whole world. But is true that this is not an easy task. The only person that someone need to worry about what they're going to think is yourself!, a person don't have to worry about the opinion of the others, just care what do you think!. Unfortunately, not everyone understands this, and sometimes the people want that the world accept us from the simple fact of be a person. Is very hard be like you really are if millions of people want to change your mind, and they refuse to accept that everyone is different, that there are things that don't have that be equal and that it's fine, that the diversity is part of a balance. Everyone is here, in their country, in their community to learn about the others, and have respect of they, don't care their race, color, language, traditions, customs and many others things that represent and define a person, this is the correct, not be equal. Nowadays, a lot of people is trying to make this world a better place where the prejudices not exist and where each person can be what they want and have the rights that the people need and deserve. Is a difficult battle but without doubt the result is the greatest accomplishment. And is a fact that if the people are happy with how they are, and they accept their form of be, with their qualities and defects, anyone, and studies repeat that anyone can affect you, because you are really on the top of the goal and when you are, there nothing can make you go down. Many philosopher and researchers believe that the problem with the society that don't accept and allow the people that is different, is because since the beginning of the world the people hidden their really feelings and interests in the fear of be rebounded. In part its own fault because the people never said something when something was wrong, but never is late, an actually the majority of the people is trying to change the perspective about what is fine in the world. That is why accept you exactly like you are, looks like a war if the whole world is trying to change you. We have to be strong and don't allow that anyone dispute your decisions. Another reason therefore is hard be yourself is for you, sometime the people are so exigent with themselves, you are your own most hard critical. If everyone would be honest with themselves, this would be something normal for the society, but is such difficult accept us, that is seen wrong be unique. We definitely have to change this way of see the circumstances and make it normal. Is clearly that we have a lot of learn, but I think that we're going to the correct way. The people have to travel many obstacles for win their individuality and always remember where we are and where we want to arrive. Be yourself, is really difficult if a whole society is telling you that you can not be different and that be unique is wrong, because how you can understand who are you, if anyone gives you the chance to know it, but without doubt discover the answer will be the best accomplishment that a person can have because live being you, is the better that could exist, for a complete life.  