The city council is debating on having curfews for teenagers, weekdays they have until 10 p. m and on the weekends they have until midnight. This is for the teenagers to be safe and not be out late because something could happen to them if they are out on the streets at night. This rule would be an outstanding one because they can cause less trouble, and they can stay out of trouble at the same time. This rule won't interfere with young peoples life, it would keep them safe at home and their parents don't have to worry about them doing anything bad. The teenagers can be talking to their friends, loved ones, and family on their phone or be playing with them on PlayStation or Xbox. My first reason why I think they should to adopt the curfew rule is because it keeps them at home and keeps them safe. For an example, if your teenager stays home and doesn't go out passed his curfew then he or she won't get hurt or even worse shot by a dangerous person. If the city council adopt the curfew rule they can prevent your son or daughter from getting beat up or getting shot. This rule can prevent anything dangerous happening to your son or daughter, this will keep them inside, and they can study, catch up on incomplete assignments, and do homework. You won't have to worry about them that much because you know they are safe at home and won't try to get you in a serious problem. It's also your job as parents to keep watch out on your son or daughter because they can try sneaking out. The city council can't really do anything about your teenager sneaking out from your house, so you are responsible for watching your kid. My second reason why I think the city council should adopt the curfew rule is to keep your teenager from breaking the law and to keep them from doing horrible things. To demonstrate, If your teenager is not out on the street then he or she can be drawing or painting on paper instead of doing graffiti on building or walls. This could prevent teenagers from getting in trouble and prevent people from cleaning up the teenagers own mess. If you have talent to draw amazing objects then try showing it in school or on your personal items and not on the cities' property. I suggest buying a ton of paper or objects that you can paint on instead of doing graffiti on buildings or walls own from the city council. If your teenager is caught doing this, he or she is going to be in a serious problem, and they will have to clean it. My final reason why I think it's important to have a curfew rule is because this will prevent your teenager from doing illegal things such as drinking or doing drugs. We don't know what our kid could be doing passed curfew, so I think we need this curfew so we can make sure they are not doing anything illegal. This keeps our kid safe and also out of trouble because It's horrible to be drinking and doing drugs. For an example, If your teenager was caught doing illegal things and doing it passed curfew, it would be extremely terrible, and your teenager would be in a lot of trouble. This is why having a curfew and checking on your kids room once in a while will help you prevent this from happening and also keep your teenager from having a black-out, crashing or an overdose. If your teenager has some bad friends, tell your kid to stop talking to them because they might try forcing him or her to do something that they do not want to do. Instead of doing those things, just talk to your loved ones, friends, and family on the phone or play with them on PlayStation or Xbox. As a result, having a curfew on weekdays and weekends is important because this could prevent anything from happening to your teenager. I do not think they interfere with young peoples life but keep them safe from anything happening to them, keep them from breaking the laws and getting in trouble by the police. My three main reasons from having a curfew were to keep them from doing anything illegal, to keep them from getting hurt or killed, to keep them from doing graffiti on buildings and walls, and makes the parent communicate with the teenager and see what they are doing. One last important thing is to always communicate with your teenager because they want your help but deep down they won't ask for it, so it's important to check up on them once an awhile and see how they are doing. This is why I think the city council should adopt the curfew rule. The curfew rule is an outstanding rule and I think more city councils should adopt it as well.