I agree what Duke Ellington's said because sports, school, and family there is always a problem and a chance for you to do your best. Sports is what most of the people do play a sport, but we always get frustrated when the opposite team scores a point, so we try our hardest to score back the point. School is what a lot of humans struggle on it's our work sheets and test but every question wrong we get it makes our brain smarter so do our best and not pick the wrong answer. Family is people we love and hang out with all the time but not very often we get into problems but every time we have a problem we just have to find a solution to do our best. This is why I agree what Duke Ellington said about a problem is a chance to do your best. Sports is fun activity we can all do, but most of the people do or watch but a lot of the player or fans. Start to become angry because their opponent scored a point but. The players can solve the problem and do their best to try to get the point back. When I was ten years old I played on a soccer league my team was losing to our rivals our coach told us the problem why they keep scoring on us. The team and I fixed the problem a tried our best trying to win back again, and we did win. My brother plays basketball he used to be terrible at playing basketball he missed every shot but fixed the problem by prating more and tried his best. Most of the sports have a problem, but they fix it. School is a place where we make friend learn new subjects. For some people in school they struggle a lot on worksheets, test and quizzes. I used to struggle on test and quizzes but when I got the test or quiz back I studied on the questions I got wrong. So when next time I took the test I would get those questions right. So the problem I got wrong I tried my best to remember it so I would not forget it when I have the same questions on the testily are people we love and hang out with, but sometimes we have problems with each other. When problems happen we try to fix our way and try our best to not have problems anymore. When I was younger I never wanted to share with my siblings. But I had to fix the problem and try my best to share with my siblings. My older brother dislikes me to use his video game, so my parents help fix his problem with me and my brother sharing. This is the essay about how Duke Ellington saying help a lot of people to fix their problem. All of my problems were fixed so it my help people fix their problems to fix them. The problem to people is that they don't know how to fix there problems and that is why a lot of people struggle on that. I used to have a lot of problems with stuff now I fixed them.