" Imagination is more important than knowledge "Can imagination be more important than knowledge? I think that imagination can be more important than knowledge. Due to the imagination of some scientists have created a massive number of inventions that benefit almost all the people of the world in that part is when knowledge is created based in imagination. In movies of sci-fi the director imagine a space full of flying cars and gas stations in the space, one great example was in the movie "Return to the future 2" the director and the writer of the movie imagine a skateboard that could elevate one or two inches from the floor, and they put it in the movie, and now scientist invented a skateboard that can elevate four centimeters from the floor.First, whiteout imagination the world couldn't be the same as we know it right now, the imagination can help to improve your knowledge. Think about that a world whit geometrical forms like squares or rectangles, horrible! For example: Bill Gates was a normal person, studying in a normal university, and with a normal family. But one day he imagines how to improve his knowledge of school of the systems of computers, then he invented windows, so that's is a great example o how imagination can change the world. Also, the imagination can help people work. You use it in projects, you use it in homework, also you use it in tests (Like me right now). For example: I was in a project of a debate of countries, my team was N. Korea, I needed to imagine if i were in Generic_City presenting my statement to all affiliated countries of UN, so I began to write, i though I was going to lose, because my enemy was the Westerns powers, but then we could win due I could imagine if the situation was like i were a person of N. Korea speaking to orders governments. Third, imagination makes you feel better, when you are bored or when you are sad, the imagination always can make you appear a smile in your face. For example: I meet a partner that was depressed, I tell him "I know how you are going to be happy, imagine you and the people you love to be near are in a vacation, then imagine you are white out problems, whit out school, whit out homework, etc. Now I think now you are willing to be without stress or difficulties in this day", he told me he was better. Finally, I think, and many people do is that whit out imagination we couldn't live happy and with a lot of fun, knowledge is a part of the bast world of imagination. People famous and normal people are successful by the imagination they use in there's life.