Technology has always acted as a compelling and mysterious field for me. Even as a child, I spent countless hours not playing my video-game consoles as intended, but rather meticulously studying every component of the device in an attempt to crack the mystery on how it operated. Despite the fact that I've grown older and many aspects of my life have changed, my passion for technology has not only remained, but undoubtedly grown stronger as well. Therefore, an internship in this field seems vital in feeding and nurturing this passion. Although I have not had previous experience in shadowing, an opportunity to shadow would be fitting due to my previous experience and ever-growing passion in this field. My experience in the technological field proves fitting for this opportunity to shadow. In school, I am enrolled in the Center for Information Technology at Generic_School. This specialty center provides me with crucial access to exclusive technology-based courses and teachers that help me broaden my vision in the technology field. Classes such as IT Project Management, Programming, and AP Computer Science Principles are all courses that I have been graciously provided with through the center and received exceptional results in. This daily involvement in technology not only increased my knowledge in this field, but also my curiosity on the subject. Outside of school, I am a member of the Technology Student Association, a club dedicated to assisting students nurture their interests through rigorous competitions. Through this club I have been able to surround myself with peers with similar interests and aspirations. This club has also provided me with opportunities to exhibit my knowledge in the technological field through competitions, receiving first place in States in Mass Production, Junior Solar Sprint, and Biotechnology. My involvement and superior results in these events prove to show not only my interest in this field, but my capabilities as well. These experiences transfer directly over to the internship, allowing for a smooth transition without much confusion. The passion I have for technology undeniably proves me to be fitting for this internship opportunity. A crucial action that proves my strong interest in technology occurred when high school specialty center results were published. I was accepted into the medical, IB, and the information technology centers. Despite the fact that the majority of my close friends chose to enroll into the medical center, I stuck with my passion and enrolled into the Information Technology center. The action of choosing my interest over my close friends of many years displays how much I value technology and wish to pursue it in the future. In addition, my strong passion for technology can be displayed through the utilization of my free time. While other kids may choose to spend this time by indulging themselves into video games, much of my time is spent educating myself on technology. Many enjoyable hours of activities such as reading on the history of computers or watching videos on the future of technology were spent during this time. This use of my limited free time shows that technology, in my mind, is not a merely a class in school, but rather a hobby or an enjoyable subject. This attitude would no doubt have a beneficial effect for the internship. In conclusion, the heavy interest and years of experience I have in technology proves me to be exceptional candidate for this shadowing opportunity. Although my work experience is limited, my passion and experience in technology may help me ease into the internship without trouble. The talent I have in technology mixed with the catalyst that is my preexisting passion for this field helps me understand the importance of this internship. Not only will this internship assist in broadening my horizons on technology, but it will also help nurture and grow this passion into something meaningful and of use to the real world. Therefore, I believe this internship is perfect for me.  