Three year graduations it beneficial for students to graduate a year earlier then the rest or could graduate earlier impact a student's health? Many high schools allow students to choose between graduating in three years or the traditional four years. Some students accept this offer with the idea of leaving early and not dealing with drama. In my opinion early graduation is not worth the mental, physical, and emotional stress. To start off, when you choose to graduate within three years you are choosing to work during summer and do all core classes for junior and senior year in one semester. You worry so much whether you are going to pass or not here is where stress applies. Generic_Name, a college student at John Tyler community college, was supposed to have graduated last year skipping her fourth year but, unfortunately she couldn't keep up with everything. She had to do all her junior classes in one semester and her senior classes during second semester causing her to stress and have a mental breakdown in the middle of her Biology class. After consulting with her guidance counselor she came to the conclusion that she will have to do her fourth year of high school for her mental health's sake. Now with that being said, transitioning from junior to senior year is hectic. You have to make sure you have enough credits to continue: make sure you keep up with all your classes and their requirements: and you have to stay up late studying and doing homework. A young adult needs at least 8 to 7 hours of sleep to properly function throughout the day. A student that stays up doing late night homework and studying do not obtain most of those hours leaving them with only 2 to 3 hours to sleep;therefore causing them to be tired all day long the next day. The lack of sleep has a big impact on a student who wants to graduate early, for they fall asleep in class and miss out on important notes. In addition, the simple attempt to graduate is emotionally stressful. Now imagine only having one year to do both junior and senior classes. Once again you worry about passing but this time you question yourself. You ask yourself" Am I capable of making it? And Am I smart enough?" and dwell on these questions. Eventually you start putting yourself down and start thinking whether you made the right choice or not. This is where your emotions come in to play. Meanwhile, you are trying your hardest to do all your work you start feeling angry at yourself because you simply can not keep up. Soon enough you give up on everything your education and most importantly your future. On the contrast, for many high school students graduation is an exit ticket. The faster we manage to graduate the better. We no longer have to wake up early in the mornings, we do not have to interact with students and their negative attitudes, and we no longer have to be caught up in high school drama. But even though graduating early seems glorious it is not worth all the emotional, mental, and physical stress of doing both years in one semester. In conclusion, three year graduation is more than just saying" let's do it!". It takes away from your sleeping schedule; stressing you out when you fall asleep in class and fail to copy notes. Causes you to worry so much whether you are going to pass or not and mentally stress. You eventually start to question yourself, feel insecure and emotionally stressed. Graduating early seems glorious but once again it is not worth all the stress.  