All individuals should follow their own instincts, and ideas. When trying to build a successful future, people should create their own ideas, make good decisions, and experience new things by themselves to get more confident in their lives. However, people should make their own decisions and manage their ideas to do what they think is correct. First, people should create their own ideas. Although, they have to follow their instincts, and don't lead anybody disturb their mind. Think on how they want to improve and try new things. Also seeking ideas from other people is not a very good thing when it won't benefit them. To understand what the role of life is, people should expand their ideas And work out more by themselves. Second, people should make good decisions. In other words, people should decide what they really want. When people make good decisions they tend to be successful and encourage themselves to keep growing. Decide what people really want, and what can they really do, is very important, since not everyone is able to do what other people can do. Therefore, confidence is the key to make good decisions. We can also say that people need time to think about any bad consequences that can result from any of their decisions. Third, people will get more experience. In fact, people know more about life when their experience is greater. Experience will help people to know how to face problems whenever they make a mistake. Also, an important point of experience is that lessons of life won't lead people make the same mistake over and over. Correct or incorrect decisions would make people more experienced. That's why, experienced people are more likely to success than not experienced people in order of the kind of knowledge that they have. In conclusion, people as builders of their own life, should be independent, and don't wait until someone tells them what to do, and how to do it. Reasonable people would make up good ideas, be careful with any kind of bad decisions, and use experience as a tool to success, and build a great future for them.