It has been said that first impressions are almost impossible to change. Some people think that they can control there first impressions at any time that they wanted to, but that's is not right, first impressions are so fast that it does not let you think, or express differently they are faster them a second, there are impressions that can be change, but it depends on the situation that you are in, and others can not be change no matter what you do. I agree with this statement, because impressions are an effect, feeling or image retained after an experience. Some impressions had a real bat affect in our lives, less say there was a time were maybe the only impression that some had been really not the one he wanted, but was the only one he could do, for example let say that there is a student in a classroom, maybe he is not feeling good, and he farts that it makes a real loud some, and that everyone in the class hear it, his first impression will be to act normal, but he could not act normal, because he knows that it was so loud that everyone heard him, so his going to feel shame of him self, his face is going to get red, and his hears and that's something you can not control. The feeling that some get at the firs' impression is almost like something you don't have every day, well if you have embarrassing moment every time them you may get the wired feeling every day. Went you get the firs impression and is not every day situation is almost all time shame, confusion, uncomfortable, sometimes pain. But when is an every day thing, them is almost all the time happened, like the feeling I get went my family ask me embarrassing questions, or we have embarrassing moments. Is almost all the time happiness. Because it is a very day thing that they ask me things that it makes me uncomfortable. The experiences that people get went they have a lot of firs impressions, are so impressive that they can act normal in a lot of situations, for example went they were used to act embarrass or shame now they are capable to act normal, because of the experience that they had. Like I personable had a lot of experience that now instead of feel shame or embarrass I only get happiness. Like went my mom ask me if I had a girlfriend I only smile or answer her that I do not, and it is all normal, or at school went my friends ask me if I'm dating the girl I like, the answer I give them is yes or not, like a normal student, I don't get shame or anything. Because I had some experience during my life that it make me feel normal now. I hope that in the future one day, when someone asks me something embarrass, and make me get a moment when my first impression is shame, or embarrass my feeling don't show up, and my experiences take place, for it not to have more affect at the moment, and make it more embarrassing than what it is already, because I don't want it to make me lost my mine, and make the moment the worst one in my life.  