Imagine having a healthy life, but with negative attitude you will not feel great you will not feel good or excited about anything all the energy that your body have is going to go away. It will be impossible to live happy with a negative attitude, but if you have a positive attitude everything is going to feel better. Having a positive attitude will help you succeed, have a good life, and higher emotions. To succeed in life you will need to have a positive attitude. If you have a positive attitude you will succeed in life. Imagine having a job that you do not like, and you are thinking of looking for a better job, but you are not sure, or you are having a negative attitude, those two things are going to keep you back from getting a better job. If you make goals in your life, and you want to accomplish all your goals you will need to start by having a positive attitude, for example you see a car that you really like, and you say it to your self I want the car or my goal is to one day be able to buy the car. You will start by putting more effort in your job to earn more money to get the car, and in all the process to get more money you will need to be positive, or you will not get there. If you want to have a better position in your job or in anything that you are doing right now you need to have that positive attitude to get were you want to be. Having a positive attitude is going to make you have a good life. If you have a good life you are going to have less stress, and you are going to be healthy. Most of the time we do things to be happy and feel good, but if you are doing all those things with a bad attitude it will be difficult to feel the happiness. Having happiness in your life is very important because if you are not happy you are going to be depressed and going through depression is a very difficult thing. Keep in mind that if you start having a positive attitude you will get through anything.Finally, higher emotions are going to help you stay strong and have a positive attitude. Positive attitude reflects in everything. If you have high emotions a lot of people are going to want to be around you mostly the people that have negative attitude or very low emotions because all they will want is to feel like you, they will want the good attitude. By having high emotions you can help a lot of people that are in a very bad place. Having high emotions will also help you create strong relations with other persons because you will understand how the others feel. In conclusion, having a positive attitude will help you accomplish a lot in life it will make your life easier, and the other people arrow you. Positive attitude will help you succeed big in life you are going to have a lot of people arrow you because they will love the energy and the positive attitude that you have.  