Do you think should student to use cell phones in the classroom for educational purposes ? A lot of young people has cell phones that can use for many ways. The young people use their cell phones for text with their family or do their homework, but Today's many kids are going away from people. However, they use the cell phone in bad ways in classroom, so, I believe students should not use the cell phones in class because they could cheat in their exams and get easy score. The first reason, when the teacher says, "get out the phone, we are going to start study in our phone". The students do not care when the teacher is giving the instructions of the topic. A lot of students are going to playing games or listening music and when the teacher ask question about of the topic they would say, "I do not know' and everybody starts to laugh because they were not paying attention in the classroom and their grades is going down. The second reason, Today's in the world student only put their face in the cell phones. A lot of students use the cell phone for their social media in classes, therefore, Student are not paying attention in class when the teacher is explaining the topic. However, student when the cell phone is allowed to use, they will have more focus in their social media than classes. For example, A lot of students have the famous "Snapchat" that it is film videos for ten seconds and share in your story for people see them, Student with their cell phones are going to put any video in their story to showing the teacher talking or everybody laughing. Another reason and is the most important, Student cheat in exams with their cell phones because the teacher says, "you can use your cell phones in this test". However, students do not study for any homework or test. They can get an easy score. For example, they know can use the cell phones in test, but this time the teacher says, "you cannot use the cell phones in this test." The student is going to get bad scores because they thought that can use the cell phone to get a great score. However, a lot student do not study for any test when they can use the cell phone. However, The proposal of the teacher is that student earns easy information and good scores. The allowed to use the phone has a good way that students can search homework or read a book. Sometimes the teacher gives homework to do at home, and you will use your cell phone for solve the homework. For example, students are learning other language and do not know some word in the information gave the teacher, they can use the translation to know the word. In conclusion, Students should not allow to use the cell phones in classroom because they are not going to learn anything at the final of year. Allowed to use the cell phone is a disadvantage for students in the futures in their jobs because they were always in their cell phone playing or social media.