To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment because at the day of today there's a lot of people that doesn't want to accept the way that you are, or you want to be. They will never be satisfied, they will judge you, they will talk bad things about you, but at the end it's just an obstacle that the life put in your way, so you can surpass it and finally find yourself and be how you are. To be yourself in this actual world it's difficult for some people because sometimes they don't support the judges from other people and most of this people just decide to end with their life. For example the LGBT community get a lot of hate, judge and bad things from other people that is not part of it. People in this world just talk about others without thinking the pain that they can cause by saying just a few simple words. Other example is the people from other country that travel to another, there are people that are racist and make people feel that they are from another world, when they are actually they same, the only thing that change is the culture and language. To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is one of the most important things that people have to achieve, to live the life better because you will never progress in your emotional life if you don't make people accept the way that you are. For teenagers to be their selves is most difficult because they are in a young age, and sometimes they don't really know how they are or how they want to be, and when they finally find it, the hard part is coming. Then for older people, most of them don't care what people say about them, I have seen a lot of older people that dress and make to their selves what they want, and I really like to see them because it makes me to be less insecure about myself, they just make me think a lot. Live the life by showing how you are, the opinion of other people doesn't have to make you more insecure or make you think that if you do this or other things you will get judged or hated. You have to fight to achieve this because life is better if you do it, is better if you don't care about others comments, you will be stronger than before if you fight with all these situations. You will be more happy and will have a great life if you are yourself, you will be more certain about your opinions, decisions and actions. Furthermore, you can help other people to achieve this goal that is "To be yourself" because sometimes there is people that need from others to make a change in their life. If you help them, and they accept your help, they will be thankful to you because you help them a lot, and you are with them, when nobody wasn't. At the end of your days you will be really thankful to you because you live life the way that you are, not the way that others wanted you to be. You will think in all the things that you have to supported and achieved just to get your goal, to be who you are and at end you will know that it wasn't hard. It was just obstacles that made your life more stressful and harder, but you did it. You got all the things that you wanted and the most important was, to be yourself.