Is it good idea for high school students, the can graduate in three years instead of traditional four years? Some schools distract offer program that allow high school students to graduate in three years instead of four years. Most high school students who follow this plan must take courses during the summer or may not be able to take elective courses. If students end up their high school in three year, the would missed most of the opportunities that could provide better knowledge and education for them. Students should not require to graduate in three years instead of four years because students couldn't get enough credits to graduate, and students can not improve their confidence and their knowledge. To begin with, first reason, students couldn't receive enough credits to graduate. For example, when college student want to be successful Doctor, he or she must get enough classes during the 7 years to receive approximately credits to get their diploma, if the requirement to graduate in 5 years, they can't construct enough confidence to be a good Doctor for the community and society. This example shows, students shouldn't graduate early, because the can't developed and improve their life skills, education, and knowledge. If students graduate early, they would get an anxiety and different kinda problems in their life. High school traditional four years is the natural path that can help student to be success and give them more educational opportunities. Furthermore, second reason, students can't improve or developed their confidence and their knowledge. For example, when the student who graduated early try to do an experiment he/she wouldn't believe their decision and the doesn't have any positive confidence to get the result successful. This example shows, students should not graduate early, because the wouldn't have any strong confidence to do something successful. Students shouldn't required to graduate in three years instead of traditional four years of high school. If students graduate in three years of high school, they will face to anxiety problems, challenges, and work challenges. Some people's argue that, students should be required to graduate in three years because students will receive the most opportunity to continue their education skills. For example, when I was in Afghanistan I was about to graduate high school in 2 years, also I had the most opportunities to receive grateful education. However, students shouldn't be required to finish their high school in three years instead of four years because students would be leftover from others and the would never confidence on the experiment and life skills. Students shouldn't graduate in three years, they should take the elective classes to get more information about the world, regions and humans. In conclusion, Students should not require to graduate in three years instead of four years because students couldn't get enough credits to graduate, and students can not improve their confidence and their knowledge. However, Some people's argue that, students should be required to graduate in three years because students will receive the most opportunity to continue their education skills.  