Some school districts offer programs that allow high school student to graduate in three years instead of the traditional four years. I believe that high school student should not allow to graduate in three years. Because for example they are not going to have free time with friends, it's hard for student who learn new language and some student work after school. Did you image yours child spend all day at school studying hard out seem their parents most of the day just want that graduate in less than four years? To begin with, all single child or student need to have free time play with the friends the student don't have to worry about stay after school to study. Most student like after school go to their friends houses to play video game, go to eat restaurant also student who graduate in four years don't have to be taken any class during summer or evenings. They can have time to play any sport they like during summer instead of be in at school taking any class. In addition, for this student who are learning a new language three years is not enough time to learn every single student different time to learn some of than learn faster than others student this program that offer that allow high school student graduate in three years, may have to know that each student learn differently. Another disarranges to graduate in three years instead of four is that student don't have time to second chances to take any felling sol or test they must have to pass each test or sol each year to be able to graduate. I feel that is too much preachers for student who learning a new language that they don't have enough time to learn better, that can effect the student when they want to attend to go to collage. It's song that one year can't make any different but, for most of student will be make different, in one year we can prepare student who collage are what is the different between high school classes and collage classes. The least but list as we know some student work after school the issue is that this student don't have time to do their homework and study for any test some that student work fourth hours per week they are going to sleep late night it's hard to attend to school every day and work at the same time. They just not focus on school they have another responsibility for example, help their family pay bill or rent so, this student may take the four years to graduate from high school they can do some make up some work and study. Inconclusion In my opinion the student from high school should not allow to graduate in three years we can keep traditional four years. In this case the student can have more time to play with the friends, time to learn better a new language learn more in high school to be ready for collage, and they can have time to help their family with anything these programs should help the student to keep traditional four years the student are future any country may have support with are better for them.  