Thomas Jefferson wrote, "Determine never to be idle... It is wonderful how much may be done if we are actually doing." Idle refers to people who are not busy or keeping themselves occupied to their powers or implements. You would think being inactive to serve a purpose, but personally I think it does not. To be occupied gets you to accomplish a lot in life. People who do not keep themselves busy tend to not get far in life. In other words, to not be engaged in work or activity is a very poor thing;there could be plenty of opportunities for you, but just because you are inactive you could miss these awesome opportunities. When we lack the ability to work or to keep ourselves occupied we are being inadequate. People who do not push or work themselves never actually really make it anywhere in life. Therefore, if we are always "doing", we will not fail to meet our expectations. If athletes were never idle or always "doing" some of them would have never made it in life. However, inactivity does not serve a purpose because when you are inactive or simply not doing anything you miss out on what life has to bring you. We would accomplish so much if we always kept ourselves busy neverless. People who lack strength or courage are inactive. So when teachers say use your time wisely they are telling you to be Idle. It is wonderful when you are doing, being active, or pushing yourself because when you do these things you never miss out on any opportunity. Lastly, when you are Idle you serve a purpose for yourself, family members, and you encourage others around. People who are active push themselves to do better. Being active can get you a good job because people will speak highly of you and recommend you to others. You ever heard of "hard work makes the dream work" when you put yourself to work anything is possible. Your peers around you will look up to you because you get stuff done, and it would push them to do as you do. In conclusion, Thomas Jefferson says when you are determined never to be Idle you serve no purpose, and you are determined to get nowhere in life. Keeping yourself occupied can get you to places in life where you thought you could never be because you are putting the effort. People who move with no purpose are called lazy people these people do not accomplish as much as those who work. Thomas Jefferson is right to be Idle is wonderful to those who put in the effort and try their best no matter what. Anything is possible as long as you are always at work.