I agree with Ralph Waldo Emerson because he says that if you try to do something you will never grow and that mean you can't do anything with Emerson. But that is not possible to do that if he says that the people will be scared with that thing but if I agree with Emerson he can do something about opinion and the people they can do the other opinion and to understand, and how we can agree with other, we can agree something is very important Emerson he can need to stop how to agree or to take out if we do agree we can do each ether. And we can grow we can stay down, he can keep it up not down if you will be down how that will be not grow that need to grow is not to stay down. We can agree about the opinion and to come to understand to agree with the original, the people agree but is not all of them some they agree, because that give the opinion to understand ideas but spicy food that does not agree with person or to the people with other does. The person can agree, and he can't do any opinion, but he can understand the opinion that he agree. He supposes to agree because there are people they agree, and they grow the people have experiences. Emerson he supposes to agree and people will come to agree with him if is not that the people will not be able to agree with him and that is good to grow, agree is opinion of the people and correspondence the people they have experience to agree, and he needs to be experiences to other people. Emerson he has an opinion for something he agrees, and he can do whatever he knows, but that is not great if you have some ideas you need to took, and we can agree each other with other people if we don't know it we can tell with other people they know how they can agree the think we have to agree and that will be good for other people they can say that was very good to agree. Then if that will be great to the people we suppose to it and that is good for the people or person If that he don't to agree the people they can do it many people they do something is important to them if they don't do anything how they can agree If Emerson does do anything that mean he doesn't need the people to agree anything with him. Ex. I can agree and people they can be able to do whatever they want to do and if they have anything we can help each other.