"Where is one place in the world you would like to visit?"" We should to go generic_City over the summer, and talk to new people!" I excitedly told my friends 3 weeks before the school was going to end. My friends, Generic_Name, Generic_Name, Generic_Name, and I think that Generic_City is the best place that we can go visit, because it can be a very exiting experience, and we can go out to see the Eiffel Tower, and experience the life of other people. First I would visit the Eiffel Tower with my friends. The amazing height of the Eiffel Tower. When we were walking to go see the Eiffel Tower, it didn't seem big, but when we got closer, it seemed huge, I was shocked because I never knew that it was very huge. Then on the top of the Eiffel Tower, the city can be seen. As we were on the top of the Eiffel Tower I could not believe that I could see the beautiful view of the lights of the city. Finally, we took pictures of the beautiful surroundings of the Tower. My friends were very happy when we got to the ground, so we decided to take pictures, they had a big smile on their face as we took the pictures, the place was beautiful, we walked all over the place, and took a bunch of pictures with the Eiffel Tower, and where it was located. Visiting the Eiffel Tower was a very exiting experience for me, and my friends, we got to see the view of the Eiffel Tower. Second we can experience the life of the other people that live in Generic_City. Meeting new people in the park is very exiting for me and my Friends. When my friends and I went out for a walk on the morning, we walked by the park. My friends spotted a group of friends that were walking in our direction, they introduced themselves, and we did too, we told them that we were visiting here, and they were so nice, and we started chatting. Then we experienced their food, and the Restaurant that Generic_Name and his friends like to go to. Generic_Name was a very special person, he invites us with him and his friends to the restaurant. When we were walking to the restaurants that they were taking us to, I could already smell the delicious smell of the food of the Restaurant. Finally, we got to the museum and saw the famous art of the Moralize. Generic_Name and his friends gave us a tour in the museum, and he told us that the most famous art there was the Moralize, it was a beautiful art, but we couldn't take pictures of it because it is the not permitted. But we got to see her beautiful smile, and I was inspired by the way, the artist colored the background of the picture. There were a lot of things we learned about Generic_City with the help of Generic_Name and his friends. The way other people talk, or the differences that we have among each other, and other places doesn't mean that you can't find good people, wherever you go, you just have to let your self enjoy an amazing experience in Generic_City.