To conserve energy and resources, some businesses have adopted a four-day work week, with each day consisting of ten hours. Should your school follow this model by extending the school day two hours. I do not agree, with this model by extending the school day two hours. I Think my school should not follow this model by extending the school day two hours, because two more hours of school will be very careful for students and students will not have the enough time to do their homework after school. On the other hand this would be a big problem for schools. In first place, I think this will be a big disadvantage for students who have others responsibility to do after school. For example, I have a job after school and I need to be there at four o'clock, but if my school follow this model I wouldn't keep my job, because school will finish two hours late, and it will be very late for me to go to work. This show, that if school follow this model this really will affect me and not only me- but also other students who, also have to work after school. Second, two more Thurs of school will be very careful for students, because classes will be longer than what they usually are, so students will get tired, and they will not concentrate in what the teacher is saying. Also, students will not have the enough time to do their homework after school, because they will get very late and tired at home, and they will not feel like to do their homework, knowing that they need to rest for the next day of school. With this in mind, students, also will be affecting with their grades, for the reason that they will not turn in their homework. Some say, if schools follow this model by extending the school day two hours, would be a big problem for students attendance because students will not show up to every single day of school, for the reason that they will be tired from the day before of school. Therefore, follow this model would not be a good idea to deal with, because attendance is something very important that schools require to students can pass their school year. In the final analysis, this routine will not be easy for students to face, even know that there is going to be only for day of school, for me this still not a good idea to agree with. As a student that I am this would affect me in my daily routine. Students will be very careful and tired during class. This would affect the students attendance which, also will affect their grades.  