According to Thomas Jefferson: "Determine never to be idle...it is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing." What he wanna said is that if we are always working and never have free time we will accomplish so much more. We could see that why he is saying this because he is a hardworking man and look at what he has done to the world, there is nothing wrong for working hard. But if we are always working and don't spend time for ourselves or time with family then you could accomplish more, but you will suffer a lot more for that successful. For example, when we work hard and don't spend time for our self, or we don't have any private time to relax and stop thinking about work, we will get stress and stress led to a lot of things like can't sleep at night, depressed,or maybe can't eat well. So we definitely have to manage time well between work and time for yourself to maintain doing good work and have a good and healthy life. Like another scientist that work hard like Thomas Edison, his name is Albert Einstein, he work really hard but don't manage time well, so he has barely slept a day. Some even said he only sleeps 3 hours a day, and the consequence is he died at the age of 60 because of sickness, and he even has autism when he stays awake for too long and talking to his own self. That is why we have to have free time because we don't want to get stress and get tired of our work, so it can lead to quit job or we're getting fired. Another important thing is that we need to spent time well with our family too because family is where we have the most support from and also the reason why we work for so hard if we don't have time for our family then they will leave us and then, by that time we gonna work and live so hard because we are lonely. And we might suicide or getting depressed and lead us to drugs. Family is what matter in our life and that is why we have to spend good time for them, so they can be with us and support us when we need to, so we can work harder for. I have an uncle in Generic_City, he is a successful businessman, he work for a well-known medical company and owner of a market but to pay for what he own is his time for his family. He starts work at 5 a. m and go home at 11p. M and he never has time for his family. That is why during this summer his wife leave him, his daughter don't want to see him anymore because he was never there for her, and his son just never call or visit him. Now he is 40, and he is a very success person but after all of that he is still and lonely old man. This is why we need to spend time for our family because after we work so hard in our lives but we don't have family after that we are just lonely peoples that have no one to make our life happy til the rest of it.I think Thomas Edison quote have nothing wrong with it, and it is true that human can do so more if they are not have idle time. But if we don't have this idle time we will soon face with stress, disease, depressed, loneliness and also suicide, so why we work so hard and don't have free time, so we die in miserable ways when we can work hard and play hard too and enjoy our life in a perfect way.