I agree with Emerson's statement because people should be themselves no matter what. You want to always show the real you. That is the beauty of life, connecting with different types of people with different types of personalities. People in this world nowadays are cruel and mean that have no heart. People bully others because of there's clothes, shoes, and how they look. You can get bullied for anything nowadays, it's very sad. That's why people who get bullied hate themselves and want to become something they are not. I remember one point in my life, I was depressed. I kept getting bullied because of how big my head was or how skinny I was. Furthermore, I know it sounds funny, I laugh all the time when I talk about it don't worry. Furthermore, I stopped wanting to come to school because of that. Furthermore, I never wanted to leave my house or talk to anyone. It was very sad. But one day one of my close friends asked me why I wasn't coming to school, and I told him everything. He told me straight up to ignore all the negative stuff that people call me and live your life to the fullest. Since that day, we have been bros for life. He always had my back and I always had his. A few weeks passed and I told my mother. We talked for a few hours about how I should ignore all the negative stuff because life is so short that you can't let anything stop you. That really changed me and how I see life. Trying to be yourself in this world is very difficult nowadays. Just by telling someone that there shoes are ugly can really change the whole person. They start buying stuff that they don't really like. Also doing stuff they don't want to do. Suddenly they start doing bad stuff. Just to fit in with other people that have all the nice clothes and shoes etc. People really can't be themselves because of judgment. There should be more help in this world so people that are going through this can get help. People should be motivated to be themselves and also love themselves. Some people can really say something mean and the victim could commit suicide, just because of someone's judgment. People should start treating other people with respect. Parents should start teaching there kids early on how to show respect. People shouldn't care about someone else's opinion. People should live there lives to the fullest. People should feel very accomplished to be themselves in this world. People really make you feel like trash when they say something negative about you. There is always going to be negative stuff coming at you, that's normal. That is what makes you stronger and turns you into a great human being. That is what should motivate you to do great things in life. That is what should make yourself and everybody close to you proud. To be yourself in this world should be the greatest accomplishment.