If Thomas Jefferson wrote that we always HAE to do more accomplish because if we make more activities some students can be interest to know about all information that they need to fire the other students or the others schools need better ideas, because if we don't any activity that's make student's think different this about the schools. Another way is make a new sport or activities more fun they can enjoy and let the stress out of their head, because if many student alwaysdoinge something they can be grown in their life, but they can't enjoy the time when they were young because always they just stay focus on doing something that's will be great but not all the time. If they do inactivity is the same thing because they focus give their time always, and sometimes they just left the family, and they can't share all the moments with the family. If you have like a lot of dreams, and you want to make on the reality you can do that because if we always do something that we like we can do more and more, the result is wonderful because more than you do more that you're done. Also you have a lot of responsibilities which mean if you interesting in some sport you have to work hard day by day if you want to be the best player or if you want to do a challenge. So all that you have to do is focus and work hard and after that you can see the result, just find your destination the most thing that make happiness. Thomas Jefferson wrote this because he wants to give us some ideas to be more creative or more enthusiastic to lie your life and enjoy all this moment that you HAE now so, you HAE to be always available to do many things in the world or in your life just try your best and never give up doesn't better if your have problems you always have to be strong and just kept fallow your life sometimes you felt bad, but kept your head up. Thomas Jefferson wrote this because he wants to show you how wonderful is when you do your things, and you got all the results that make you hippie, and you see how is when you may be done if you always doing it. Much better all the responsibilities that you get and how responsible you will be. That's is my position about what Thomas Jefferson wrote you just have to try your own and see all to choose you have to be or doing whatever you want on your life I like the word never give up because Thomas Jefferson was a good person, and he just does the best thing he can and maybe he can be one example for you.