Most high school students prefer to do their regular four years of high school and enter college after they graduate and apply for college during their senior year to get help from their counselors and school teachers. Graduate early could be difficult for adolescents because not everyone has the same way of learning and some can be faster than others. School districts should let the students decide whether they want to graduate early or not and give them more freedom to do want they want about their future. Students that do their traditional four years do not follow this plan because it can bring pressure and anxiety, they would have to do extra work and, they are able to pick elective classes. Every student know that it is very important to pass their classes and be aware of how many credits they have in order to graduate. If you want to graduate early this issue can be dangerous because it can bring anxiety and pressure to adolescents during their high school years. Graduate early can make your life difficult because anxiety combine with pressure frequently gives mental problems. Some parents are constantly checking grades and that can be very frustrated towards their kids and hard to handle because they are often being told to do well and if they don't their guardians limit important items from them and usually control their life because they don't get good grades. The fear to be behind and getting low grades are always present in students, but the worries should be less for those that do not graduate early. Teachers recommend to the students to take extra courses during the summer or evenings to advanced in their classes. On account of doing four years of high school you don't need to do extra work. In spite of that you still need to do your assignments at the same time but being not in a rush like the others. Every person should be responsible for their own work even if they have to do it later on it doesn't matter. The school provides the students the opportunity to take a new subject that they haven't taken before. By given them the chance to every student to choose elective courses unfortunately for those that graduate early don't have the same option because it is a waste of time receiving a class you don't need; otherwise you can take as many as you want to challenge yourself and become better at any new topic you want to learn. In conclusion, it is a better idea if students do their traditional four years of high school. In case they need help from their teachers and schools they can get support from both. Anxiety and pressure are serious problems that any student have to pass through because it distracts them from their learning and the attention of the students is also taken away. Extra time should not be used to do extra work because the kids need to have to do their assignments and barely have time to do extra courses. Everyone should have elective classes because is a good way to learn new activities in school and get distracted from your most important classes that you are taking during the school year.  