I personally agree with Author Ralph Waldo Emerson with his quote saying "Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow." The reason I agree is that I believe that you have to set your goals higher, if mastered something already. It's always alright to fail trying to master your goal because nobody is perfect. You also need to try different goals to master so you're good at several things. The first reason why I believe you should set your goal higher, if you have already mastered your goal is because if you keep doing the same thing you've done over and over and have already done great at it, you will not see any growth in you. For example if I was in a soccer team and played for a rec team. Which rec is when you sign up and get put on a team with no tryouts. If I played and score almost every game and always outplayed my opponents. I wouldn't grow as a soccer player because the opponents would be easy for me and wouldn't be a challenge so I would have to set my goal higher. For a higher goal I would have to move up to travel to see growth in me and have a challenge in the game. I believe that people also disagree with Author Ralph Waldo Emerson because they are scared to set there goal higher when they have already mastered it. The reason I think this is that they are embarrassed to fail and not do something right. When I'm reaching a goal of mine like getting three goals in the net in a soccer game. I work hard to try to accomplish my goal so I can master it and score three goals every single game. Sometimes I fail and don't score three goals but I always tell my self its alright because when you're reaching a goal you will fail at least once or probably more than once. Which makes me work harder. Nobody is perfect and always a good thing to fail to learn about your mistakes. The last reason why I agree is that you have to try to master different things in life. Sticking with the same thing you mastered will just not make you good at anything else. It's always great to have different things you're good at because you can do a lot of other things. If you don't like any of the goals you want to master and cant reach it. It's always great to have other ones along the other one you're trying to reach because I know a lot of people change their thoughts and want to do more than one goal at a time. You have to set your goals higher if mastered something, so you can see growth in yourself. When setting your goals higher you will fail at least once, you shouldn't worry because it makes you learn about your mistakes and so you won't do what you did to make you fail. Also, you have to try different things to master to be good at several things in life. This is why I agree with Author Ralph Waldo Emerson quote he wrote.  