Conserving your energy it's an important matter. But you may be wondering why? Well, by conserving your energy you will be well rested, healthier and more importantly active, so you can last on your long day of work or in my case school, so I can focus on my learning in order to graduate on time. Recently, some business companies started to conserve their body energy by working fewer days, but having long shifts a day. 10 hours a day to be more specific. I personally think that, this is not exactly the right way to conserve your energy and keep your body healthier. On the other hand, I would agree that you would earn more money and have better opportunities in your career despite your personal life. As far as I understand business companies like Management, Grocery stores, or car dealers have an 8-hour shift IncludingSchools and government jobs etc... If people would work 4 days a week and 10 hours a day It would totally not be good for their healthy and personal life.First, If you work 10 hours a day and 4 days a week you would not have enough time to rest. As a result you would definitely be tired, exhausted and having a bad mood for not getting enough sleep. Second of all, when It comes to your personal life there would not be a family time, and no time to go out with friends therefore, I conclude that the concept of having a 10-hour shift a day would definitely not be that best way to live your life. In terms of education, specifically talking about schools. Since I'm a student I would not be excited about attending to class for 10 hours a day. Basically because I have responsibilities outside. For example, I have to go to work, study for school and attend to my soccer training during the weekends. Also, I would not be able to go work by the time school ends during weekdays, and I'm sure there are students like me who have responsibilities to care of outside of school. Now If I have to attend school for 10 hours a day and 4 days a week I can definitely say that my learning would get affected instead of improving. Nevertheless, I would not able to memorize everything I'm learning in class, because there would be a lot more topics to go over. As a human being my brain and body needs to rest, so I can keep all the information I have learned in class. In conclusion, whether about going to school or work for 10 hours a day would not be beneficial for your professional and personal life for many reasons. For example, It could affect your health and your emotions which could lead you to be stressed out or having a bad mood not to mention that It could also affect your personal life by not having the necessary time to take care of your responsibilities outside of work.  