Based on whatAuthor Ralph Waldo Emerson wrote,''Unless you try to do something beyond what you already mastered, you will never grow." I would have to say that I agree with his statement because as a high school student I like to go beyond on what I already know what to do. Emerson wants IOUs to take another step in what we do he wants us to grow won't you? Knowing that we are capable of doing something so much bigger and better and just be able to grow in are generation. Success is something that every6 high school student wants to do we want to get better at something, we want to pass are classes and if we are not willing to go beyond and put forth effort then i don't think we will be able to grow. High school is a great way to show this especially if you're a student athlete; let's say that you play baseball or softball or any other type of sport that takes time to master. Playing a sport is not easy especially if you want to get a scholarship. I get ask this question all the time "have you yet mastered being a Cather and going beyond that point to see what you have in stored?" I have mastered the skills of a softball catcher but I know if I go beyond that point and keep practicing I know that I will be a great softball player in my years to come. Believing in your self to do something can also help you grow, just being able to say I got this and giving it all you got just gets you a step closer to becoming a master and growing into it. Another this is mistake those are alright, no one is perfect everyone is going to have there flaws and that's ok that's another way of growing and learning; won't you want to go beyond something you already mastered and try something new to grow? Emerson wanted us to read this quote and think about what it meant to us. I ready this quote, and it gets me to think" so if I go beyond on my catching and try something else I could grow into the sport and play multiple positions on the field instead of just one." I could also say the same thing about ROTC in my school as being part of the drill team and going to competitions. These are good examples on what we can all think about going beyond d and farther in what we already know a think about what we can do better, so we can grow and learn from are mistakes. High school is a great place to start not even then you can start when ever you want just make sure you know what you want to do and just have fun and enjoy your life. The quote can also be for adults, who have already mastered in something like for example my father, he created his own software and designed it for offices, and he is out of town right now in Generic_City so that he can install it and, just grow from that experience he is going beyond on what he does at work and just making something great happen. The Author Ralph Waldo Emerson wrote, "unless you try something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow." if you go this promote, and you read it, and you have to pick if you agreed or disagree what would you pick? What would you tell me to make me agree or disagree with you? You tell me if I was right or wrong for agreeing with him. You will also be a great person in society. 