What are some benefits of having a good attitude, even in a difficult time? A good attitude can make people successful even in a difficult time. But not always people have a good attitude, and sometimes affects them. A good attitude makes people strong, and to always have positive thoughts and emotions. Having a good attitude helps people to be more intelligent and to face their problems. It is important to have a good attitude because people can face their obstacles, it gives them many opportunities and experiences to learn. Nobody is perfect in the world, everyone has obstacles to face forward. But having a good attitude can help them to face their obstacle, it helps them to never give up, like famous actors of movies, shows, and many more. Before they came to be famous they face their obstacles to be someone in life. They past through many things to became successful, but they face them with a good attitude and yep sometimes with bad attitudes. Some actors still have some obstacles to face, but they face them with good attitudes. On the other hand, having a good attitude gives people many opportunities. People often have opportunities, but they don't know how to confront them. A positive attitude helps people in their life because it gives them many opportunities, likeGeneric_Name, the mother of a girl, who had face many problems in her life. She never gives up, and she was always with a positive attitude, when Generic_Name was 30 years old, one of her son's died from Cancer. At that time Generic_Name was very upset, but an opportunity appear on her life. She decides to take the opportunity with a good attitude. Generic_Name always has a positive attitude even during in a difficult time. Otherwise, having a good attitude gives people many experiences. Experience appears in people life, so they can learn from them, but having a good attitude makes then more fun and interesting. One of the experiences that learn is that when you give money or food to a homeless they shared it with other homeless with a positive attitude. They think about others, even when they don't have too much. A person once said, When give more, you receive more, that is true because when the homeless shared something with others they receive more, but they wait with a positive attitude is like they feel happy, they have a good attitude but at the same not all of them have a positive attitude some of them have a negative attitude because they had a hard time. Overall, having a good attitude can help people anywhere in the world. A good attitude help people in their future they have obstacles to face, opportunities to take, and amazing experiences to learn. Sometimes people imagine their life with having a bad attitude, and everything that they have will be rare because they will not have the chance to learn or to experience. To the contrary of people with good attitudes are awesome because they are intelligent, and they have incredible wisdom. A good attitude is important because even when people have a difficult time they can face them.  