A first Impression is the key to success, because that is the first time a person is going to see how formal you are and makes in idea of your personality. Is very important to give the best, to let people see that you are a person capable of making good decisions and for that, a first Impression is always good. A first Impression is more than how a person looks and talk, is telling others that you can do anything to fine a better future. A first Impression is very important because is your opportunity to let an employer know that you are a good person for the job you are looking for. When you are looking for a job or trying to apply for college, the first Impression is the important key for you. That can help you to achieve that goal and make a better future for yourself, it can open many job opportunities, sometimes without needing to do a lot of work. No knowing how to give a good Impression, is something that can affect your life negatively, like crossing job opportunities something that is really important to achieve those goals. For example if you talk to an employer for a job interview, and you give a nice impression, that employer is going to call you back, but if is the other way, and you totally did bad he or she is not going to call you back, and you will be waiting without getting any call. Lest remember that Impressions don't always change, and sometimes is very important to put your best and always give the nice impression not matter of whom, because sometimes those opportunities can come from someone that you will never think. Having a positive attitude, is one good way to give a good misimpression to someone, because having that you can show that you are happy, and you will enjoy doing almost any job. In conclusion, first Impressions are important to developed a good image about yourself, and it's the key to open many doors. People who gave a good impression the first time, are more capable of achieving there goals, because they show that they can be responsible and there life, but those who are the opposite is a different story, they have issues finding new opportunities or jobs that they love. At the end the first Impression is always the best, to show more about you and let people know that you are a person with a positive attitude that can make good decisions and capable to achieve your goals.