"Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm". Although the word failure is the lack of success, is the loss of the ability to work normally. As humans, we all know that sometimes instead of get better in life, we currently lost our capacities to start over and follow what we want for us because as British Prime Minister Winston Churchill once said "do not loss the enthusiasm". To being, humans fail every time in life, every episode in our life there is always a failure, it is always there for us like if we need it and maybe this is why we always wondered why failure have to happen during the most incredible episode in our life, we always think this is because we did something bad, or we did not try our best as much as we can for get that job, pass that test or even keep all our problems in line, but why failure became a big role into our daily life?. The reality of failure is not only fail, is to see what we did bad to get better, is to understand that we need to fail, understand that fail is good for us and help us to do not make the same mistakes that we did in the past because every time is a failure it is also an experience and a new lesson to success. For example, scientists tried many experiments to just get one result, and they fail very often but at the end they discovered new things not just only what they were looking for. This shows that not matter how many times you fail, there is always an answer and new things to discovered. Furthermore, stay positive for humans could become a big issue in our community. Every human try every day to stay positive and see all the mistakes as many positives as we can, but this became more stressful after a failure. What we all need to know is that feel stress, feel insecure of ourselves is good. We all are humans, our feelings make us stronger than we actually are however, most people could feel depress after a failure and this is why we go down, we lost our hope and most people stop to keep working in their goals and just get tired and feel depress. For example, there is a book that the students of Generic_School were reading last year called "The life of an Indian". This book is about a poor Indian boy that lives in a reservation, he has no hopes after one day his teacher introduced the Indian to a different world out of the reservation to find hope and believe in himself, follow his dreams instead to keep poor in the reservation. He fails a thousand times, but instead to get back, he goes thought his issues. This shows that stay positive after our failures even for a poor little boy is not always too hard. Clearly not everyone could do it that way, but we always want our happiness, and to get happiness, failure could become our big right hand. In conclusion, join from our mistakes is the best way to be successful, to be better in life, to keep in mind that every failure is a new experience and a new lesson. Not matter how many times you fail, there is always an answer. I am completely agreed with Winston Churchill, feel enthusiasm for what go next in our life is more excited than we all think and as humans, if we start to believe in ourselves and stay positive and start to dream and also understand that failure is part of our daily, we will become more successful with the knowledge to how life really works and that life is not too hard as we all been thinking. 