So just because i couldn't open the exhibit window am I going to write about what do you I like to do in class. I like to work alone with nobody bother me. sometimes I like to with work with groups but is all depend on what type of people am I working with and also how is my mood during the day of in the class. When am I working like to listen to music because it let me focus what am I doing and i don't get distracted with the others' student talking about drama or what is going on and there life or school. Also, when am in class i don't like when teachers or student start asking me question where I am from or what do I like to do. Or sometimes I like to work when the place is quiet because I can focus more and the place is quiet I can do my work in peaces. Also, I like to have my personal bubble because i don't like when teacher or student come to my face and start asking me about stuff that I do not know or when they give me an attitude so that is the time when the situation will star to get worse because every time when to happen I will do the same to do them but mine it will be worse and sometimes I cannot control myself. When the work in a group I like to work with people that won't talk too much, and we do our own work. Because when I work in group who talk a lot I cannot focus on my work, or they are just talking stupid stuff and trying to be funny there is when I get mad or when they're trying to put me in there conversion that I do not care because if I am not talking to you or to the group that mean I am good and I do not need you or i don't need your opinion. I like to be my own personality because I know what I am doing and I am doing because I like it and when people told to stuff or me trying to be a different person just because they don't how I am or that way I dress or look. And I cannot be an other type of person who I am not because I will be lying to myself and lying to the people around me just because I am acting different or look different for other people to think I am like that. Also, if you think we are friends, and you start to get conferees around me, and you start talking about your life I am just going to walk away because i didn't ask you about your life because I am not interested in your life because if I did, i probably would ask you but if i didn't ask that mean i really don't care what do you do or what do you like. If i don't like you, you better understand i won't be nice to you and i won't try to have a conversation with you. Or event class if I am not talking with anyone the mean i don't want y'all to talk to me or if i don't like the teacher I just keep my distance but if the teacher i don't like and she/he come at know where a start yelling at me, i won't stay quiet and I will say stuff back to you because you just come to my face a start yelling at me for no reason so that is telling me that you got a problem with me and i didn't know at about it. It is so ease if you respect me I will respect you back because if you come at mo where a start saying stuff to me and i really don't know what is going on I swear will disrespect you and say a lot of stuff to you because you came to me saying stuff and every time that happen i really don't care if I hurt you or I hurt your feeling. If you leave me alone we probably we be cool and we won't have any issues with each other. Been around people is not my type stuff I like to do i just rather to be alone and do my own stuff but if you need help would ask someone who I think they know just go to the internet and try to found what I need online. Because i don't like to bother people just to do it or try my best to guess in the answer.