If I were to be asked to share a lesson with elementary school students it would be how to be respectful, to always learn and, be good communicators. One of the first lessons I'll share with a student would be, being respectful. Being respectful is important to you and the people that surround you. For an example, you can't just go up to your teacher and tell them "give me a pencil" you should tell them "may I please have a pencil". Also, if you don't be respectful to other people, people will not be respectful to you. The word "respectful" is not the only word you can use there are other words like nice, polite, and many other words, these "other words" are like branches of a tree that goes up to the main stem which is "respect". Another lesson I would share would be to always learn, because in life it's always important to learn. To learn can be very hard or easy because how you learn is how you move along in life. For an example, when you first stared to walk how did you do it, by learning. Another example is, when you're in school your always learning new things like math, history and, writing. Learning can be fun or boring, but in life you always need to learn for opportunities for jobs. The more you learn, the better opportunities you'll get. Lastly, being good communicators. In life, you'll always have to communicate if it's your friends, teachers or your family, you'll always be communicating. For an example, I can't communicate with people, for me It's very hard and every year goes by, and it makes it more difficult to learn. When I came to my new school it was so hard to meet new people and I don't want anyone to suffer how I did, but I learned, and now I feel better I have new friends and if I never communicated then I would have just stay quiet. A way for you to be a better communicator is to talk more and talk to new people, it's another great way to make new friends. And those would be the things I would share to elementary school students to always learn, to be respectful and, be good communicators 