In some Schools not only do teacher's assist student's but now student's beginning do the same for younger one's at School. Some Schools have program's that teacher's allow student's to pair up with younger one's at the Elementary School's. In this program student's do game's read book's and so much more exiting activities. They do this to help out younger students that are just beginning school and are scared and don't know what to do in School or how to react because of their first time being in School. The older student's assist out the younger one's on how to read, comprehend and to get the understanding of how books are read and what they could be used for in their future life, this is the reason older students are so helpful and useful. Another amazing this program is useful is because for those students that are home alone and have no older brother's or sister's, this program helps them get an understanding of how it feels having sibling's at home. This program entertains and not only that but also influence's younger student's on how it feels having a sibling at home and the amazing time spend with each other as well. I think this is a wonderful and interesting idea because it interests kids and makes them want to return to School and love School if they are having second thoughts about School, for example if they do not like it and don't want to return, having a buddy might want to change their mind because they can only imagine the fun and exiting time they can have with their buddy! Teachers's, Principal's and other members like the School bored did a smart plan of creating this fantastic program of older student's assisting out the younger student's and teaching them a thing or two about certain things. Younger student's look up to the older student's and the older students are known as role models because they are much more mature and that is why younger ones look up to them. The reason why this program is helpful for both younger and older student's is because this program impacts both younger and older student's, it impacts the younger ones because it teaches them how to read and write, and it impacts the older student's because they learn how to assist younger ones and how to communicate with them. This great program will help out student's right now in class, and also they will learn how to use these skills in a daily life and maybe on their everyday lifestyle and job's. When a student or any person assist out another, at the end they will always feel proud about their self's, and they will want to keep on helping others in their daily life. That is why they might have this program, so student's can get the feeling of how it feels helping out someone and so the younger student's can learn how to read and get the feeling of how is the sensation would feel if they had sibling's at home. They might fight but at the end they will later than respect each other, and they will learn how to communicate with each other. School is important because student's learn from their mistakes and then next time the same problems happen to them, they will learn from it and make it better than the first time. They learn and learn so when a student is a fully grown adult they know what is expected of them and how to assist other's if needed also they will be more mature and will know how to act. If someone is out their struggling or having a difficulty time doing something, the adult that was ones a student and helped out younger student's will automatically know what to do and how to help the one's that will need help. This is the reason this program is so helpful, and I hope they keep having these things for student's in the past and will continue to help them in the future.