I agree with the Waldo Emerson's prompt. He wrote that" to be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment."" Never give up." This word conveys our intensify about our thought. It makes us courageous. Life is not a bed of rose, life is struggle. Every single person has their life struggle. Nobody is a perfect at they look. A perfect man is he who win the struggle. A successful man, he not gets success in a second. He had a lot of struggle in his life, but he doesn't stop for his goal. After long time keep trying made him successful. He adjusts the struggle and keep go through the struggle and win the struggle which is make him success. For example a soccer player has his goal to make a score so that they can win. But for making a goal he has to cross the against team then he will success to make a goal. You failed !. You are done your life today. We couldn't expect from you this. You fool !. You looser. Now you go home and get sleep that's all you can do. Should I listen them and do what they want or give up my life? NO!. I am failed, I am looser but it doesn't mean that I can't win anymore. Don't lose hope. You have hand, you have brain, you have leg use those one day win come to you then you can show them that you did. You made it. For example, you are not good at Math, but it's doesn't mean that you are bad in Social Science. Show your talent. You can't able to solving the Math equation, but you have talent to make Social Science rules. Time is valuable more than everything. A good minded people use their proper time. If you use time, and you failed in your success then don't lose hope, don't stop, don't blame on time and yourself. Time can give you more opportunity to use it and make yourself successful. You just have to keep try. But if you being lazy you just waste your time, and you got looser reward from the time. Always remember that time never going to come back. For example, If you don't do your homework the teacher not going to give you a grade. You going to fail in this subject. You just waste your time. But if you do the homework but is incorrect. The teacher can give you one more time to fix the correction though it's incorrect. An Inspiration can make your goal. If you look or read about successful person how they became successful in their life you also can inspire to do what they did. An inspiration can bring you encourage. Make you sense what you want to do and what should you do for your future. There are different people have their different choices. From the successful people you can organize your life. For example, there was a story about Robert Bruce and a Spider. One day Robert Bruce was laying in the cave and saw a spider was trying to climb the wall but its failed seven times to reach the wall of top. After seven times keep trying makes its successful. The spider reached the top of the wall. This event make Robert Bruce inspire himself. Everything has their opposition. If you want to be a good man you have to know what is bad things. The same way if you want to win you have to know what is lost. Fail is common afire in human being. If you don't fail it's mean you doesn't even try. Fail is a part of our life. But don't get depressed yourself by depression. You fail, but you have more option to start it from the beginning again. Before you stop try just think should I try one more time. Maybe this time you can become a winner. Just one more think can bring your success. For example, You're digging a soil for the gold. You dig almost come to the gold but this time you give up and stop digging the soil. If he digs the soil one more time he can see the gold which one he wants. So always think one more time before you quick. An aim can make our decision properly. An aim less man can't success in his life. A right decision depends on your future. First make a routine for your work. If you want to success in your goal you have to follow your routine. In a student life It's hard to follow the rules. But if you try you can do it. In student life student should give full attention to their lesson. Homework should be done before going school or college. If you continuously follow the rules it will be easier for you to success your life. Don't be lazy. Lazy is a weak point in our life. From the laziness your life never gonna successful. So always do hard work until you done in your work. Some people we have in our society they have dream, but they don't want to work. If you don't work how can you fulfill in their life. Always keep try to get your dream. We have time we have life just try as much as you can. Some people in our society sometimes they messed up with your dream or your work. They don't want to let you do your work. This top of people are very harmful to our life. They always bothering you can't let you doing work. That time we should ignore them. Don't say anything with them. One day they will leave you automatically. For example, if any person can bother you every day and if you're ignoring him one day he will not interest with you and leave you. The success of life brings you happiness. You will feel proud yourself. If you show them that you did it then they will fell ashamed because they thought wrong think about you. So be never lazy. Always do hard work, keep try and think about it what should you do or not. End of the moment it will happy Ending for you because you erase the wrong think the people think about you.