Some school districts offer programs that allow high school students to graduate in three years instead of the traditional four years. That could be a good opportunity for students if they finish school early they can be more independent, also can make more money an early age and build a magnificent future, another good thing it's they can buy whatever they want, and don't have to be necessary to ask their parents for money also save money for their career at college. At school, we can see different kinds of age some guys are older that others, so maybe some students want to finish school an early time, If the students finish school early they can be more independent, and see how life goes life isn't easy and all of us one day will learn how to be more independent. Be independent it is a responsibility because you have to take care about something as; pay some bills, if you have car, well take care about the insurance, for some reason you live by yourself have to pay where do you live, and other responsibilities. Second, make money an early age is an amazing thing to do because you will prepare for the future your goal is finish school, and maybe that would require extra effort like take courses during the summer, or work in the evenings to make up things that you need to do in another class, maybe that require extra work. At some point, you may not able to take elective courses, but that decision is made by yourself, if your goal is finish school early you have to leave some things to get what you want. All dedication that you put, for sure you would have a recompense in the future, also don't have to worry about money because you are working hard for that. Finish school early that can help you to be more successful like work for your own things, so if you need something you don't have asked a parents for money; to get what you want, and another good thing is you can earn, save money for your career in college. A young age you are getting prepare to what is next. However, everyone chooses what they want, some things would benefit your future and if you want to make it work out in less time you can make it possible, there always another way to find out what you want, need, and to be a successful person in the future. Build a great future would make your life easier.  