Although some school districts offer programs that allow high school students to graduate in three years instead of the traditional four years. Nevertheless, is it not a good idea for students, because they tired more early, bring more focus on some classes but not in the others, and they not take a break on summer. They can be tired more early because some time they worry about the work that they have. For example, students pass more time study and not take a break. Most students going to school sleep because in the night they study for exams, or make some project that they left. Most of them have much homework, and they not finish on time because they are tired and need to sleep to going with energy on the school though they are not finish the homework. In concept the students need more time to make the school work because if they take the offer to graduate in three years they need to give everything on time. Most of them bring more focus on some classes that others because they think that some classes are more important and the others not. Nevertheless, the grades can be going down for the reasons that the students not put attention on classes, or not make the work. Also, they need to make the work of the all classes because that important, and all classes they need for graduate. This can be give them problems if they not make anything for they grade going up because if they have bad grades they can not graduate in three years. Clearly the students forget the important hat all classes are for graduate. The students not take a break on summer because they want to go the summer school for make more classes. For example, they make this for graduate more early but, they do not have time for they family or for the work. Many times they need to work on summer and this affect most students, they're going the school in the morning and the night they work. Some families going another countries for vacation and the students can not go for the reason that they need to stick for study. Clearly going on summer school affect students but, this can be help for advance classes. In conclusion some school help students to graduate more early like in three years. The students can be tired because they want to make the more important classes, but this is harder. They bring more focus in the important classes and the others classes not. Most of them need to going on summer school because they need to pass the classes. For all students the graduate is it important, but everyone need to take the time in the school and have good grades when they are ready to graduate this is more important. 