Should success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.l agree with what Churchill's about the important role that failure plays in the pursuit of success. Failure is to do or perform. L agree because some people think that if you are failure it means you can not be success, you will be success no matter what. Some people preform good in ever where they go and do what will make they there success, so this is important role that failure plays in the pursuit of success without loss of enthusiasm. First reasons, LN the world people will say that failure don't make they live by success so if they did something, and they fail that all, they will never try it again because they did not get good thing from the fist one. Be strong in everything you are doing failure will not be without loss of enthusiasm. For example My brother wife have an exam to write in the morning, so she was learning all the night she did not asleep so l went to her room and tell her to sleep some time before morning, and she said no l have to learn so that l can pass me exam and l said OK then am I going to sleep. Ln the morning she gets up, and she went to write the exam. The next day they call her and told her that she fail her exam so all what she was thinking was that she will pass the exam, but she will failure, so she was thinking that she will be success in this exam, but she did not loss of enthusiasm. Also, Most of the people give up if they fail in thing they are doing they believe in them self that what they are doing will be successful for they, but the end thing will miss up for them and the loss of enthusiasm the good ideas of bring success tell your that l can do this and do it all. For example, l was written am SOL exam last year and l don't know what to write and l don't understand what the question is said so l was thinking about the question but l don't know what to write so l tell my self that no matter what the question is l will do it and pass it. When the score came because l believe in my self l pass the exam. So you can be success in every thing you do if you made up your Maine in what you are doing. Make your self a good discuss, and you will be fine. However, Some people start their own business, but they first tell them self my business will be successful and yes they will be because they believe first before they start the business. Yes the work will be good without loss of enthusiasm. For example, My friend dad has a big shop in Generic_City one night when her dad was asleep some bad people came to the shop to take all his money and the thing in the shop so in the morning people was cry infant of the shop, so we all went there l see what is going there so when we went there it was so sad they bad people took everything in the shop not even a pen but do know something he did not give up because he did not give up the fails, but he was successful in what he was doing. The reasons why am I telling all this is that never tell your self that l will be failure on matter what you will be success.Others might say that it is bad ideas to be success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. However, you can lose enthusiasm any time but if you never give up in what you are doing people do things that they don't believe in what they. One of my teacher in my school called Generic_Name gave as a test and the test was as difficult for as to do so he told him self how can the student do this work so try not to give the test to as the student in the classroom told him that we will, can do the test so the teacher the told as that do you believer that you can do it, and we said yes we can, so he gave as the test to do. Infant all the student that told that test pass successfully and the teacher was so happy. So you will be success without loss of enthusiasm.LN contusion, We have many things in the world that will make you a failure or success, make a discuss to yourself that you will success in life no matter how things will go. My friends always told me that never give up in life, school and anything you do. Maybe you have an exam today and when you went home yesterday you did not learn, and you are watch TV and you want to pass the exam no matter what you will be failure in the exam. Ls important to be success in life if you can be success you have to do what will make you success. L believe in my self that being a success is a good idea.