Imagine someone is doing the same skill that he already has mastered, he is going to stay in the same place. He will never grow. One reason why doing different things can help someone grow is by being stronger in other things. Being able to learn new skills can improve your ability. Someone can even find out if they are good at other things that they probably never thought they would be good at. Is the best to try to do new things than staying in the same place and never growing. First reason, why doing different things can help someone grow is by being stronger in other things. Being stronger in other things can really put you to the top where you never thought you could be at. When getting stronger at other things it could make someone the best athletic person or the best person that is strong in so many things. When being strong or good at things, you can even help your friends if they are struggling. Once you become a strong person are you going to be able to do anything. Next, being able to learn new skills can improve your ability. Learning new skills can help someone out a lot. When doing a lot of new things it can make someone a healthier person. Someone is going to start realizing their improvement and once they start seeing results, they are going to start getting motivated even more. When someone knows so many skills, they could probably teach another person that wants to be like you. Is a great thing to be able to improve your ability. Finally, someone can even find out if they are good at other things that they probably never thought they would be good at. Finding things that someone never knew they could do will make someone pretty shocked. When someone finds out more things that they are able to do, it can help them join in more activities. The people that can do more, they have a better advantage because they can do more that others can't do. It's pretty shocking that there are people that don't know that they could do something that they never thought they could do. In conclusion, someone can make themselves even stronger than what they are now. When learning new skills it can make your ability improve. Also, someone can even find out new sports or skills that they never thought they could do. 