Do you know how many careers' choices you have when you enter to high school? Most of the new students in high start thinking about what career they would like to take after they finish high school. Although some say students should not commit to a career at a young age because make students feel pressure, actually students should commit to a career at a young age because help students to separate for the future, and they have more time to choose the career they like. Although some say students should not commit to a career at a young age because make students feel pressure. In most cases students become stressed because of their parents telling them to start selecting a career at a young age. Students behavior change; However their grades get affect it because of the stress and pressure. Some people say that school should talk to students' parents, so students don't feel pressure selecting a career at a young age. When the parents know they have a lot of time before collage. First reason why students should commit a career at a young age because help students separate for the future and let them know what is better for them. Students preparation is base on saving money to pay for collage. They can see what is better for them; In other words what career benefit them more and if they allowed to pay it. Students can know early where they can get help either from their parents, or if they have to work for the career that they want. Students can talk with their parents about a student loans too. Second reason why students should commit a career at a young age because they have more time to look for a career that they like more. They have more time to look for a career with the characteristics they like. Students have more time to save money. They can know other careers where they can get a good pay. Teachers can help students to get a good career base in their Knowledge. In conclusion students should commit a career at a young age because as I said helps the students to separate. The time is one of the best reason that help them. The knowledge from other people help the students what is better. Students don't get pressure also they have more opportunities. Students should commit a career at a young age because is one of the best choice they can do.  