Although, many people believe that extracurricular activities can enrich students educational experiences, and some even become involved in so many activities that they have little time to study and complete their homework assignments. This decision should solve with their families, because this decision shouldn't be made by school, school should help not control students to do the extracurricular for their good experiment with other student or get involved with different team works, and some students don't want to do or stay after school program or any other extracurricular activities. First, whether student wants to join or do extracurricular activities they should ask parents or families first, because some parents don't want to do the extracurricular activities. Example, some students have a lot of homework, project, tests or their different school works. Some parents don't want to let the kids or students to do the extracurricular activities because of their other school works. This can cause their student fail the school or other stuff can happen to them. This is why extracurricular activities decision should be made by families not by schools. Then, school should help not control students to do the extracurricular for their good experiment with other students or get involved with team works. Some school wants students to do join clubs, sports, and any other after school program, because some after school program needs students to do join their program by forcefully. Example some sports coach ask to do join their team, but the student don't want to join for some kind of reason, and sometimes they email or call to their parents to let them join our programs. Some students don't want to join any after school program for some reason. This is why after school program or extracurricular activities should be made by families decision. Lastly, some students don't want to stay after school program or any other activities. Some students are already tired from school example, some students is already taking the lot of extra classes at school, and they probably have a lot of test and quiz or even homework. If they decided to do after school program or any other extracurricular activities then it's up to their families choice, but most of the students don't want to stay after school because they already have lots of homework, projects, prepare for their quiz and tests. If school wants to control student to get involve with any other after school activities then it can cause students grades, lack of sleep, and other stuff can happen to students. This is why extracurricular activities decision should be made by their families or by parents. This is why I want parents or families to make a decision about after school programs. This is the three reason that I want families make a decision about after school programs not by school. Although many people believe that school should control student involvement in extracurricular activities. For me, I disagree that school should not make a decision for students, decision should be made by students families or by their parents for my three reasons. 