Some people believe in praising a student's work to build self-esteem even if the work is not the students the best effort. I believe that is not the best choose a student's to practice this work to build self-esteem; for many reasons, because some people don't have the idea if the students are agreed or disagree this is no the best way to improve in their self-esteem to practice on praising. And other is they need to improve in their achievement, because they are not sure if this come from praise or achievement. Also, students they have the last world, if they need to practice the things some people thinking to the benefit for their self-esteem.1. Reason some people don't have the idea if the students are agreed or disagree, I think this is not the best way to improve in their self-esteem, because students they believe in praising but, this is not the option to learn in their self-esteem they need to focus on their achievements. Even if some people belief on praising, they think this help students to believe in praising I think students believe in this source but is not the principal option to believe in praising they need to focus on their achievements, values and skills because is one of the priority and purpose to believe in their self-esteem these ideas must be to help to lean focus. Students need to improve in their achievements, because some people are not sure if this come from, praise or achievements. I think this are two different thinks, also one is believed in religion, for example: I believe in Jesus this is praise they don't need to compare, but I don't dismiss this idea, because is good idea to students believe in praising. Another is achievement this come from the goals you made and the effort you did it for your accomplishments.Also, students there has the last word, if they need to practice the things some people thing, to the benefit for their self-esteem, but the two are good idea for instill students don't believe, if this is the correct option, also they need to make the best effort to practice the best way to help their career in the future. In conclusion the students don't need to practice thing that some people thinks, to improve to help and learn more about self-esteem, this is one of the purpose to improve their self-esteem, this is optional in what you believe if their praising or achievements but these two different things, but is good idea learn both for better self-esteem to understand. 