I don't think our school needs to follow this model by extending school for an extra two hours. We need to be in school for seven days a week to learn and be productive in working on assignments, projects, tests or quizzes. We also be in school to be active in working and socializing with students and teachers. If we are in school for a seven-day period, then students and teachers would involve in helping each other more and getting some work done that they were absent for or helping them work they have to turn in, or they need help understanding the information they are given. My first reason is that we should be in school for seven days instead of 4 days. If we are in school for seven days, then the students would be learning more about what certain topics the teacher is talking about. Another thing is that students can work hard on assignments that are due within two days or week. Also, if they is are absent or just need help, then students can make up work by staying after school to catch on anything they have missed or just come in for extra help if they need it. One example would be if I were absent for like day or more, I could make up the assignments that I missed by staying after school to make them up. Or having to just coming in to get extra help on assignments that I don't get or having trouble on. My second reason would be that teachers will be there for seven days to help you with anything. If you don't get what assignment is asking or understand it, then a teacher can help you by reading it to you or explain it to you. Teachers will be there every day to help you with anything that will help you succeed in their class. Also, they will be there to help motivate you in getting good grades in any of your classes and passing them. My second example would be If I didn't understand the information or just give up on the assignment, a teacher would be by my side. They would motivate me to never give up and always try to do your very best on any assignment that was difficult for me. My third reason would be students would be engaging with other classmates. Students and classmates don't have to only engaged in helping each other with assignments. During a seven-day week, students can talk with their classmates or friends during lunch or if the teacher allows you to talk. Also, your classmates or friends would love to ask you if you want to participated in after school activities or clubs. My third example would be If my classmates or my friends ask if you want to stay after, I would say yes. Then I would get involved with my classmates or friends and start talking with them. Some people think that having a four-day school week would be better for them. They think if they have school for four days only, they would have nothing worry about. Like for example, they wouldn't worry about much work needs to be done or how the work will affect how they are. Also, what grade you will get on an assignment or when to turn in your assignments. Some people think that having a four-day school week for be bad for them. Students would be worrying about what they got on an assignment or test. Others would be panicking when to turn in assignments or when you can make up a test or quiz. Like for example, If students only had four school days to turn in assignments or make up a test or quiz, then it makes the students feel bad for themselves, or they can feel sad, and sorry for themselves. Also, they wouldn't know how they did on an assignment, test,quiz and what grade they got on it. In conclusion, Students and teachers would much rather a seven-day school week then a for four-day school week. Then students can work hard on their work, while the teacher will be there to help with help or any questions that you have. Also, if the students are having any trouble besides work, then the teacher will be by your side to help you or motivate you to make you feel proud of yourself.