Do you think that you need to fail over and over to become success? In this essay, I will argue about the important role failure plays in people success. People that become success is because they have failure a lot of time during the process, and they work harder each time to do it better. When someone success in something, they had failure in something one time in their career. Maybe the fail they took in their career is what make them successful. They knew if they don't work harder they wouldn't do any better. A failure can teach you lessons to do better that last time. That why a lot of people said that never gave up just for a fail that you can have. That's what make a person successful. Failure is something that all of us do. That's what make us do better in life. If we all ignore are failure, we would keep failing over and over. That why we have become successful in something in are life. For example, when I was 10 years old, I couldn't ride a bike. I away fail trying to ride it, but I never stop trying. I try doing different way to learn. My success of riding a bike was based on failure that teach me different way to learn something and better. My dad have a company that he have work hard and a lot to archive what he has now. He never lost his enthusiasm to make his company better, years over years. All the knowledge that my dad have now is by the failure. Sometimes he has lost a lot of money, or work for free, because he didn't do what the customer said. Sometimes were because the customer didn't like the work. Now he knows that he should do the work as the customer said and do the work better. He has learned that he should do what his job better and do what the customer said. Some people said that you don't need a failure to become successful, but they are wrong. Success comes from failure that make you have knowledge. All the failed that you took make you work harder and do way better. In the future, I hope people learn more from their failure to be successful in what they want to archive in their life. 