From my point of view, this is a good idea because most students have a different situation in their life. Sometimes, they would like to become an independent person, so nobody can coerce to do something even their parent. In my eyes, it is not important that the students finish high school in three year or four year. After graduating from high school, they are a good person, aren't they?. I think this is a most important problem. To me, the students should be a good citizen because the society needs them to develop. A good behavior is more necessary than graduation, and they have to practice or use the lesson that were learned in high school, so they will get a lot of experience. The life is an adventure, discovery, and study. Day by day, everything is changing rapidly. Due to this problem, the student not only study in textbook, or document but also learn from substantial. When we face up with difficult problem, it gives us more valuable experience in the life, I think this experience is too hard to find in book, or school. If you graduate in high school early it will give you more time to learn new things from your life, so you will grow up and have a lot of opportunities to success in life. For instance, Generic_Name who I admired, was a founder the Coffee Shop Company in my country. He was still graduate high school early and then I worked for his company. At that time, he was learning how to grow a special coffee, which is the only one not only in Vietnam but also over the world. At the present, his company is the best coffee company in Vietnam. He said to me that difficulty, experience are the keys to success. Actually, the life is a challenge: it isn't easy to you. If you would like to subdue it you have to prepare everything as soon as you graduate high school. Therefore, the student finish high school early; it is very necessary to prepare for new challenges in the life. As we can see, the economy is dedicated and various, so you have more time to find an occupation which is suitable for you. I believe that 50% senior were confusing about their future because most of their time is in school, class, which forgot going outside to expand your knowledge and doing some part-time jobs to get new lessons. In my opinion, most of the people fall down in their life because of lacking of experience. In short, I support this idea because it makes us mature, independent. Besides, we have more chance to success and to do new things. It's also a good way to demonstrate your ability