Should students attend to year-round schools? Considering year-road schools they are good for students to attend too because they retain more information, students stay in school, and become more responsible students. In my point of view, I think they are too expensive, students do not spent time with family or friends, and don't have the opportunity to have new experiences in life; for example having a summer job. For example the experience I had in life with year-round schools was in Generic_City, when I lived their with my family for over ten years after living in the United States for nine years for my life; and for my parents for over twenty year of living in the United States; moving to Generic_City was a big change of life to my family. My parents wonted the best for me and my brothers, so we attended to a year -round school. It was not easy being their because my brothers and I did not know much Spanish, but know is are first language. Also, it was too expensive, and students did not spend time with family, all kids do is attend to school all year. After my brothers and I finish up are year in that school, my parents decided to move us to a normal school to spend more time in home, and have more life experience. It was so much better being in a normal school because I had more time in school vacation as a student, also had a summer job, and more time for me and family.Also, I experience more new thing in my normal school like being part of a band, playing for the school soccer team, being part of the drill team enjoying school like kids should do. In my point of view student should not attend to year-round school because some students have part-time job, it too expensive attend at year-round schools, and some students plan family vacation out of the country to spend time together. But having this year-round school some students retain more information and stay focus to learn more information. Also, by not attending to year-round schools some students have more life experience and become responsible in life. In conclusion I consider students should attend to normal schools because they are less expensive, students can have a part-time job, and also have some more life experience to help them become more responsible persons.  