In my Driver Ed class there was a boy who would always make Patsy or rude jokes, fight or bully people, and disrespect teachers for no reason. He's known as a jerk and self-center person in school. When he's alone in class he's a quite and nice person to be around. One day another classmate of mine told me that she saw him having dinner with his family at a restaurant and wasn't acting out. One time I saw him help an old lady at the family food market at school;carry her grocery bags for her. First impression can change because people actions speak louder than words, you're just getting to know someone, and you think know someone better than anyone else. Actions speak louder than words because you may think you may know someone by what they say to you, but their actions there are as important as well. For example colleges are not only looking at your grades, but they also look into what clubs you join. Because colleges want to find interesting people to recruit. Our president is also a prime example because he kept on saying "Let's build a wall.", and he did it. It shows what kind of person our president is. When people ask an upset or angry person "Are you okay?" the person always reply with "I'm fine.". Even if there body language shows their not.You're just getting to know someone If you're trying to get know a new student in school by you saying hi to them, but they don't say hi back. It doesn't make they a rude person once you try to talk to them. Just image being a new student; who move to a school that everyone knows each other since they were kids. Its much worse for the students that don't speak English as their first language to make a very good impression as well. People who choose to get a pet have to get know your pet in order to know their pet's wants, habits, personality and needs, also their dislikes. If you want a loving relationship with your dog, cat or another pet. It all starts with getting to know them first and giving love to them. Inclusion, first impressions can be change because people actions speak louder than words, you're just getting to know someone, and you think you may know someone better than anyone else. Everyday you meet new people and some leave powerful impressions or terrible impressions. Overall we're all humans and on one is prefect.