Most students enjoy summer vacation, but some educators feel that the summer break is too long and when they return in the fall, they become more lazy, and they can't retain information as easily when they were in school. Summer break is the only long break that the school gave to the students to do all the things that they couldn't do during the school year, and they can rest for a long period. I don't agree for these reasons:First, A lot of students wants to work during the school year or do other things that take more time to do, but they can't do it because they got too much homework, or they need to study for a test that they have that week, and they just had time for that. So in Summer break they got 3 months, so they can work and do more things that they couldn't do during the school year. Students can work and have more experiences that can help them when they want to apply for another work that is much better for them and learn more things. Next, Students needs a break after the school year. Most of the students get stressed for all the works and tests the teachers gave to them, their brains needs to relax and rest for a period time because it's not good to be always working, they got tired too. So Summer break is the best period to relax and distract for a period time. Students can go to the beach and have fun, Enjoy more time with their family, hang out with their friends, go visit new places, too many things they can do in this break and the weather is perfect too. Finally, In Summer break the students don't worry about works or tests they may have need to present when the break is end. When they have Fall, Winter or Spring break the school gave to them just one week and in that week most of the teachers gave to the students works and tests they need to make after the week breaks, so in conclusion they don't have breaks because they need to study or do works that the school gave to the students. In Summer, they don't need to worry about that and enjoy the time they got. Some persons may don't agree with me because they think that have more breaks during the school year is better for students, but they need to know that the students got works during that breaks, and they need to study for tests that they need to make after the week break, so in summary, they don't got that time to relax and give a time period to their brains, so they can rest. In conclusion, Summer break is the only long period that the students got to relax, and they can do so many things that they couldn't do during the school year because of all the works they got and test that they need to study for. So Summer break needs to stay like that and is the best season for students, so they can enjoy and have fun in their long break.