Write to a convince a manager of a business to select you visit and learn about the work that interest you? Explored on a role of computer is just a challenge for me. This opportunity it will allow me to fallow my dream, goal and future for my baby's boy. I t may be sound selfish but, I will demonstrated what I am capable. At this time it may be many dreamer writing this letter, but some might not be so serious like the way I am because having many reason to demonstrated this company to select me to go and explore what I like, it will not be the worst depiction. Knowing some skills on computers in most factories are using technology and always have someone that is expert is always a good decision. An energetic person fun, and responsable bestseller. Responsible and what I do working in the same place for many years, deserved a change, schools who have this kind of opportunities are the greatest. Technologiest is growing and growing days by days, and the most important companies now have the greatest employees who are master on computers. I was studied computer skills for 6 years, and them got my degree. After that I decided to go back to college and I got a master on how to design website ; during that time Five students were nominated to a competition that who write faster will won a medal, I was the winner typing 200 letters for second. I also know how to create websites, working in many kind of programs. In this day's is hard to find a person who is friendly, energetic, good altitude and also who like to share with others. I considered my self one of those people, I experience my self already working with costumer before that I was not interesting on computers I was working on a salon cutting hair and I enjoy dealing with people sometimes is really hard, but you usually get with them if you know the costumers better. I think I will be a pretty good seller if you are looking for one just contact me and give the opportunity that I need. Therefore, if you not trust me I can demonstrated you what I can do you can see me how hard I woodworking in the same place for 12 years make me a responsible employee. Loving what I do and see the people who are proud of me make really happy they love my job because they know that I do it with passion. Even if I don't know something I will learn how to do it and it does't matter how long is going to take I know at the end It would be a reward. Being a found girl when I started my first job, I can not forget that the manager told my boss she can not do it she is too found let her go, it makes me really sad because I know that Need a chance to shows them first, and now they said we will make a big mistake if we let you go that why I think deserved this opportunity might be wrong in this position but, is never late to tries something new, and I know this is my biggest opportunity for my future. Therefore, I want to show the world how the Industries is growing by using computers, internet. The technology now make a big impact in today's world, it is important that everyone know how to use computers in our future all companies and jobs may be required of that use of computer and I hope I would teach many people how if they decided to choose me for the program.