Generic_Name Writing Prompt13 March, 2020School Lunch Menu you think that it is a good idea to change the school menu? Students are the only person who can choose what they want to eat. Students might prefer eat a hamburger than a salad. Changing the school lunch menu is a bad idea because students might be allergic of some types of vegetables and students' favorites food would be eliminated. To begin, changing the school lunch menu is a bad idea because students might be allergic of some type of vegetables. For example, Generic_Name is allergic of tomatoes and lettuce. If the school menu changes then Generic_Name would not go to the cafeteria during lunch. Because of his allergies, Generic_Name have to stay away of those kinds of vegetables. For students like Generic_Name, the principal should reconsider the idea of not changing the school lunch menu. Overall, the change of the school lunch menu would not be benefit for some students. Secondly, changing the school lunch menu is a bad idea because students' favorite food would be eliminated. For example, some students' favorite foods are pizza and hamburgers. If the school cafeteria changes its menu then many students would not eat because the cafeteria would not have their favorite food. For those students who would not eat, the school cafeteria will waste the food. Overall, by changing the school lunch menu can lead the cafeteria to waste food. Some students might argue that changing the school lunch menu is a good idea. They argue that by changing the lunch menu students will have a healthier life. This point has merit; however, the change of the school lunch menu is a bad idea because others cannot decide what students should eat or not. Although, students will have a healthier life, other people cannot decide what students should eat. In conclusion, changing the school lunch menu is a bad idea because students might be allergic and students' favorite food will be eliminated. For example, if the school lunch changes then it will have disadvantages for some students. Second, the cafeteria can waste food if they decide to change the lunch menu. And lastly, although students can have a healthier life; other people cannot choose students' food. Overall, students will decide if they want to have a healthier food or not. 