I disagree that the school board should add one hour and a half hour to school each day, because we need time to do Homework and study and spend time with family but if the school boards add an hour and a half hour then we cannot do those things. We also need to have fun like going outside. When we get home we can only a little time to study and do homework and maybe have some fun. We will be bored in school and be tired cause then we get home we will be tired of all the time in school, so we would want to take a nap, but then we won't do Homework we won't study or do anything because we will be tired. Sometimes I have to be home early and take care of my little brothers but if the school board adds one hour and a half hour then my brothers will be all alone. I disagree that the school board should add one hour and a half hour to school each day because some teachers might have to take care of their children, and they need to take care of him at 3:30 but if the time of the school changes then he will be late to take care of their children and come 4:30. They would want to quit they're jobs. Get another job then the school will lose a lot of teachers. All the students will be hungry because they got lunch early. Some students will not even go to school they will skip or just not go to school if there is one hour and a half hour. If students parents want they're sons to be home early but the students can't because they're going to be one hour and a half hour extra so then a lot of students won't be in school then they're parents have to pick them up. I disagree that the school board should add one hour and a half hour to school each day. Because the students are going to have to get a second lunch. The lunch ladies are going to say they are tired and can't cook anymore. The lunch ladies will quit. We will have no lunch ladies. We will not eat anything. I disagree that the school boards should add one hour and a half hour to school each day. Some parents are not going to let they're children go to school if the school board adds on hour and a half hour to school each day. Parents will be mad and sue the school. Also, some parents will travel with they're children to another state to another school with no extra time. The school will lose a lot of students. I disagree that the school boards should add one hour and a half hour to school each day. Some parents want to take they're kids out and have fun but not if we have extra time. A lot of students will be mad because they will not have fun but have to learn more at school. Parents would be mad because they wanted to take they're sons out but can't because they're will be extra time. So students can't have fun and do more work at school.