1. Many kinds can't understand because the different subject. Young student don't really get the work that older kinds do. It is really hard to teach young kinds because some older student don't even remember the work from any grade like me some time my little sister be like can you please help me in be like am sorry don't even remember it really difficult to teach a young student. Older kinds have difficult time to teach young kinds they have different way that there teacher teach them how to there work. It is really hard to know there work in explain the way we explain the kinds the better they understand what they supposed to do. We have to have a lot of passion to do it.2. I think many students don't really get it because they older student some students don't really get it some of them don't get it fast but some of them need more extra work with it. Older student some time they explain good more than the teacher but for me, it better in adult because will ask question in they know well because they teacher. Like some time I explain my sister what is bad but some time I don't know, so I ask in adult to explain me really well that how in school work to young kinds may not really get the older kinds a younger need an adult to understand it well.3. I go to a program is about math but I really understand because we share opinions of different work they do like student have come plenty different work they have it the hard way in the easy way student get more confused when they have come plenty different work like my math teacher I have different completely different work. I don't understand her anything at all but I think because different language but asking some else in the program she explains the easy way I cant understand her.4. Student can't really get it they need someone to be beside them in tell them or teach them I really wonder if there were only one students or a lot because is program but if it was only one person they really can concentrate that perfect because there is a lot if there was more than one person it fine because it will be more help that the main effect if there was only one person in not a lot of them in was a big problem with then. If there were talking too much it was big problem for the program.5. Paying attention is perfect thing, so the student can really get the work they can get in learn what they do. The most important is if the young student get it if they don't get it they will fell the test because the older one properly know but can explain can find the easy way, so the student can understand it really understand it good they really more information how to treat the student in explain it good make sure is good to them make sure not to just yell at them, you have to have passion. Talking with someone like your age understand it all of us have different kind of ways to explain it in to learn it. Like me, I understand it with an adult like PROPER_NAME that one my teacher I can listen to him but some with younger them me or alder them me.  