I agree with Emerson's statement about individuality. It is found for me that I can be myself in a world. I'm thinking that the world is trying to make me who I am and make me see. The way I am can make me do whatever I want to do. I could visit wonderful places like seeing great nature, going into a big forest, and go see big hills. This would be amazing to see wonderful things. I can be myself in a world when it is constantly trying to make me something seeing things like a place to see nature. Sometimes in some places to see nature is amazing. Seeing nature like seeing different kinds flowers, and seeing and beautiful. I will also go to see the blossom trees. Those would be interesting for me to see those kinds of Nature. I would think about in a world, and it would constantly make me something else when seeing nature a big forest. Going into the forest usually it is just trees, but when I see something new in the forest, it would be very interesting. I would see in the forest that the life is changing. Also, I would see fresh fruit growing from the trees. And also I would see a beautiful area with flower bushes. Sometimes I think in a world that makes me something else wants me to see everything. This can maybe explain that I am on top of a mountain or a hill. Hills would be better for me because I just only want to see a high view of the land, with the mountains it is too cold and windy. When I see big hills usually it is just grass. Going up to the top of a big hill and When I see that this land is clear, this may explain that there's only a plain grass area with trees, this is similar to the past a long time ago. It is good for me to be who I am, and being myself in a world. This may explain almost everything. Saying that I disagree with this statement thinking that It doesn't seem very interesting, it may feel like Emerson's statement doesn't make any scents. For me this statement makes scents, because it does describe the world that is trying to make me something else about the greatest accomplishments. That is why I agree with Emerson's statement, to be myself in a world.