Some believes that there act of kindness around the world. That happen to me once with my friends. Two years ago, in 2017,me and my best friend, Generic_Name, are ready for our first day of middle school. We were excited to see each other, we were excited because Generic_Name moved 3 years ago, in third grade. I was sad at first but until my mom say that they move not that far, my mom takes me to his house every weekends. Now when we start school i going to see him every day. It because we have the same class and I was happy we have the same classes together. When I got to school I see Generic_Name in a far distance and start running to each other like we have never seen each other before for a very long time. Now we start learning classes together every day where in English class to do an act of kindness to your best friend or closes friend. I say I was going to do with Generic_Name, but then Generic_Name mom called him from the front office to pick him up. I said to Generic_Name what going on, he said "i don't know". Soon after he didn't came to school for four days I was getting worried if his family are okay. I called to him many times, but he did not answer. Until Monday, he came to school looking sad, I said,"what happen", he said that his grandma was very ill and might not make it. I felt sad too because his grandma was like my grandma. She has been treating me like I was her grandson. Soon my mom took me to see the grandma to see if she okay. Once I got home from visiting the grandma of Generic_Name, i was thinking what should I do to cheer up Generic_Name and his family. I was thinking for a full one hour, and then I was thinking why not buy them presents for the family. So on Sunday I went to the Nike shoe store, Walmart,target, and shoppers when I got there at Walmart I was thinking," what should I get for the mom and dad", While I was thinking I went to the Nike store next to Walmart to buy his older brother Air Force One, that cost about 299 dollars. I said why am I spending money on expensive stuff. Then I went to target to get a 50 dollars gift card for Generic_Name and his little brother. So in total it cost me 100 dollars. Then I went to buy balloons for the grandma, it says,"god is here to protect you". Right after, I went back to Walmart to buy a vase that cost me $42. Then I went to shoppers to buy flowers that cost 40 dollars because I got a lot of flowers to put in the vase. On Monday we went to Generic_Name house to give the family gifts. First I give the shoes to the older brother, he seems really happy about the shoes. Then I give Generic_Name a gift card as well as his little brother. Then I gave the mom a vase with flowers in them. Then they ask me how much was it. I say almost about 432 dollars. They felt bad at first but I told them I had more money. Then I went to the hospital to visit the grandma to give her the balloons. She said thank you and bless your happy life.I was crying when she said that. So after that we went to church to pray and pray. When me and Generic_Name got pick up it was good news that the grandma live. We went to have a party with their family. Then I present the act of kindness to the class and got an easy "A"So this is a story of act of kindness.  