According to this prompt can you imagine that some businesses have adopted a four-day work week, to conserve energy and resource. However, now did you ask your self, should your school follow this model by extending the school day two hours?. Went I think in that I give me something. Although, follow this model by extending the school day two hours have benefits and disadvantages of follow this model to a four day of school week .fist, think about benefit that is very important part for students and for the employees, however consider how this model is going to help students and employees from school. Then how this model is going to help the school if they don't conserve energy and resource. For instance, teachers are affected in how they give students work when they need some project to do how they use energy if they don't have resources. Now left think about if school don't have resources how students use the restroom if don't have water, students also use water to get a shower went they have a game in the school, another think is that women in the kitchen they need water for cook and give students launch. However, some students work after school and teachers needs to take care their children after school or some teachers live very far. Besides, they could affect school education. Lastly, school are affected for many manners this affect with the hours being to a four-day school week in the other hand, let mask about disadvantages. Second, students, teachers and employs are affected in the disadvantages. For example, some students work after school if students wants to stay after school maybe they lost their jobs because they don't present to his work or if they have some homework to do after school they can not stay because they need to work students are affected. Besides, teachers are affected too because after school they need to take care they children's or maybe some teachers live very far and spend many times for drive to his home. In the other hand, school employs lost his work because if school work only four day at week the drive lost some hours of job this affect some employs and their families. That's why this disadvantages affect students work and students education because some students don't came to the school if they are responsible with his job. However, in my case this affect me because I work after school and I need came to the school too but I need some money. They are many reasons why this disadvantages affect students and employees. Let me ask some benefit that is good.Finally, should fallow this model by standing four-day school week you should have some benefit. For example, you should have one day off to stay at home with family, do the homework that the teaches give you or spend more time to study, teachers can relax one day, or maybe they prepare students assignment. In conclusion, to conserve energy and resource to considering the benefits and disadvantages to a four-day school week, many people are affected mostly students and teachers because two hours would affect students job, also the teachers because some teaches live so far from the school and they don't have time to past with his family. In the other hand, the good thing is that they should have one day off, and they can relax, students can do their homework, and they can study for his test, or maybe they can go to his job in the day off. But is important to can to the school every day because we need to learn more every day and in the future can take a better job we can do a good people and a good example for our family.  