Having a positive attitude you can find the key to success in your life because, having a positive attitude can influence your life a lot and for a good reason. As I know positive attitude is the key to success in life. In many ways attitude can help to success in your life. For example with a positive attitude people can be more secure in their life's. They can make a good decisions at work or somewhere else. Also, they can be more friendly with other people. Some people can be more secure in their life's with a positive attitude. Positive attitude can help them in school. For example students with a good attitude can have a good behavior in school, they can obey directions from the teachers and respect their classmates. Students can have a good grades in their classes. Also, students can stay after school for homework or for help their friends with their assessments. Students with a good attitude can influence in school for a good thing and in that way can influence other students to have a good attitude. While some other people think with a positive attitude is the key to success in life. Others argue that it's not always being positive. There are several ideas that can improve these thoughts as positive attitude not influence in success in life. It's not always being positive. For example sometimes some people need to have a bad attitude because other people are mean. Sometimes some people have a bad attitude because they have problems with their families. Sometimes students have a bad attitude because they receive bullying in school. Some people have a bad attitude for the action of other people and that affect them. I think that having a positive attitude is the key to success in life. People can decide a good decisions and that can me them successful in their life. Also, they can socialize better with other people. In conclusion having a positive attitude people can be more creative with their ideas, they can think better their decisions and also can be more socialize with other people and that make them better persons in life.