Have you ever met someone, or an interviewer, and show a good or bad impression to them? People think that first impression can be changed because everybody has a second chance. While others think that first impression can not be changed because it shows who you are. I agree to the motion that first impression are impossible to change because it shows your personality, your attitude and who you are. Firstly, first impressions are impossible to change because it shows your personality. I had a friend, who dressed inappropriately to an interview for her job. But to her surprise she did not get the job because of how she dressed. Also after a while, she couldn't get any job elsewhere. This means that whenever you go somewhere, you should dress appropriately, check how you use your tone with others, so people will know that you are a good person, respectful, can take responsibility for your actions and shows how mature you are. Not only does first impressions show your personality, however, it shows your attitude. Additionally, showing your attitude is most likely impossible to change. I remember I used to disrespect, fight and insult others when they did something to me, I didn't like or even if they needed help from me. I met this old lady, and she asked for my help then I told her that I didn't want to and insulted her, then she said to me, I am going to have a hard time in life but I didn't take what sh said seriously and left. As a result of what happened, as I grew up, I tried to change but couldn't because when something goes bad, and I knew it was not me, they will all mention my name. And I wish there was someone there to offend me. And that's when I remembered what the old lady told me, I wanted to go ask for forgiveness but unlucky for me, she went to heaven and now am left with her curse. Which gives me this conclusion that always respect everyone you see even if you don't know them. First impressions also show the kind of person you really are. Furthermore, your impressions shows who you are. Not long ago, this was this lady on the news. When I heard the news it shocked me because she went to a store, picked an ice cream from the fridge, licked it, and put it back in the fridge without paying for it. This obviously shows that, she ruined her reputation in public and everywhere. Now everyone knows who she really is. Not only did it ruined reputation, but she brought a shame to herself, her family, and also her native country. First impressions are impossible to change. Lastly, it is valid that first impressions can be changed because everyone has a second chance. But not really because sometimes your impressions towards someone stays the same even if you change. Others will think you are not your self today and also others will think it's a good thing but not everyone depends on what impression you made on your first time meeting. So I say that first impressions likely impossible to change. In a Nutshell, showing your character, who you are, and your behavior are impossible to change on your first impression. Mostly first impressions are not easy to change. Would you on your first impression be respectful or disrespectful, appropriate or inappropriate, and be willing to take responsibility of the consequences of you on seeing someone older than you, are you?