The best way of work. One question has been asked during a long time. Is it better to work alone or to work in a group? Most of the people and analysts have got the conclusion that working in groups could be more beneficial. A factor the support this idea it is because you get to have different thoughts, ideas and ways to see the life that can help you in bad situations. For example, if you are planning either something as big as a school event, or something as simple as a classroom presentation, there are occasions when you run out of ideas. You can count in the group. They are going to be there giving diverse solutions to the problem, otherwise, by yourself you could be struggling like if you are in road with no exit. Working in a group sometimes can make you relax, laugh and bring positivism, even in challenging moments or when you are facing stress. Every time you have to work in this way, you do not spend boring moments. There will be always something to talk about. You and your team would be saving memories that in a future would be a moment of laugh. Another fact about working in group is that you get to finish the work in a faster. More people working in the series of things in a quick way than just one, makes a big difference. It will give space to the creativity, where you can practice more, give details to the work or even do new creations. Because you are working in a team you do not focus only in "I" you open your mind and start thinking in "we". This is going to be useful in the future, when you go out to the real world. Working with other people, you have to deal with different personalities and thoughts. The team working abilities are going to be place in your mind. When as a team all your tasks are completed you will find a great euphoria in the results. It is going to make everyone proud of themselves, and also it is going to be a method to keep pushing them up and never give up. Sometimes when you get to work in a group it might sound or seem a difficult task. But instead, you learned new experiences and new abilities. It becomes a helpful tool to develop character and to grow as a person. You have to learn how to speak with the people and how to tell your ideas in a clear manner. That is why many people agreed that working in teams brings more benefits than just working alone.