I believe that Winston Churchill's quote,"success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm", is true because after you make the mistake you learn how not to make that mistake again. The only way to learn how to be successful is to make a mistake. I think that you should always listen to your elders because they have been thrown rough and happy days. When we are little, we always think that our parents are being really strict, but they're only trying to keep us happy. I have made a lot of mistakes when I was a pre-teen and I still make mistakes now, but at the end I realize that I was wrong. I was thirteen when I got my first phone and my parents always told me to not have social media till I'm sixteen. The only reason why my parents said,"no", to social media was because they didn't want me to get hacked by people. Although, my parents said no to social media I got it anyway. After couple weeks of having social media, someone decided to hack my Snapchat. At that point, I realized my parents were always right. My parents have made mistakes before too. When I was a baby, my parents took me to my grandparents house for the first time. After we got to my grandparents home, my parents forgot to close the door behind us. So, I crawled out of the house and they didn't see me. After that, this guy saw me crawling down the streets and there were cars driving by me. So, the guy carried me to his shop to see if anyone comes to find me. After couple minutes, my mom realized I wasn't there, so she ran out of the house to find me and then couple blocks down she saw in someone's shop. My parents always checked if the door was closed after that incident. Always keep in mind that you shouldn't do anything without thinking of the effects. If you are not sure if its right or wrong, then you should ask someone for their opinion. If that doesn't work out than your probably doing something wrong. If you do something wrong then people will change the way they look at you. It better to keep in mind that your family and friends have faith in you.  