Is it a good idea for students to finish high school in three years and enter college or the work force one year early?. In many schools districts offer programs that allow students to graduate in three years instead of the traditional four years. This program make students to take classes that can help them to graduate on time, and many students take courses during the summers or in the evening. This is a bad idea making students to finish high school in three years. Because when students are tried to graduate in three years, students may not be able to take elective course and student are no joy they last year of high school. First, when students are tried to graduate in three years, students may not be able to take elective course. For example, many students are interested in elective courses, but they are not got enough time to taking elective courses because they are taken the basic courses for they can graduate on time. When students just take the basic courses they are not make progress in which courses they are interesting. In conclusion, students need four years in high school for they can take courses where they are interesting, and they can start to grow up in that courses. Secondly, student are not joy in they last year of high school. For example, school where are make student to graduate in three years, in they last year student have to take courses and SOL for they can graduate on time, if they don't past students most retake, and this make students frustrate. This program is making students to rush. But if they fail any classes that make students add more classes to they last year and all this make student to no joy they last year in high school. In conclusion, Last year for students don't have to be the worse year. In other hand, there are people say, student just need three year in high school, for student can enter college or the work one-year early. They argument, that student with three year are ready to graduate and enter college or the work, because many students may finish with their courses and SOL in their third year and the last year they don't do anything. This argument is incorrect because in the four-year students are doing what they need to finish and they're planing where they want to go if college or work. For example, students want to graduate on time, and they need to catch up or retake anything they can do it in the last year. In conclusion, student need a four year of high school for they can get anything what they have to be done. In conclusion, put this program in school is a bad idea because make students to finish high school in three years. Because when students are tried to graduate in three years, students may not be able to take elective course and student are no joy they last year of high school. Because when students just take the basic courses they are not make progress in which courses they are interesting and student are not joy in they last year of high school. In conclusion, make high schools just three year to students is not enough time for students to be ready and plan their future.