Disagree, To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishments be yourself in this world is kind of difficult, but if you try really hard you will success with honor, respect,humble and make you strong. Not trying after you lose make people weakness, fearful and incapable. If you want to success in life and future, just help others when they need it, and be humble with those people who do not have anything in life, and they have to sleep in the street. Nobody is more than others, God make us equal. Be yourself everywhere you go, you do not have to change your personality because other people do not like you. You have to prove yourself that you can do it, no matter how many times you fell down, just stand up clean yourself and continue. You will found a lot of obstacles in life and all you have to do is play like you are on the soccer field. You have to be strong and prepare for what's coming in life and do not worry if others tell you that you are useless, just show it to them that you can do it. Sometimes people just left and give up. Not trying after you lose make you weakness person. Weakness person are those who give up in the first try, they are incapable to fight for what they want in life, and don't let no one change your personality, if they really love you, they would love you like the way you are. My mom always told me,"do not give up till you are in the top", after all the struggles you will be a better person. Nobody can change yourself, you are the only one who can decide what you really want to be in life. You make your own rules, but you have to respect others, I will give you a counsel, If people treat you worthless do not treat them like the way they treat you, be original and treat them like royalty, after that, they will see that who lose gold was them, not you. Do not let no one hurt you because we are in a world where no one wants to see anybody get victory. All I can say is being yourself, if you want to dye your hair blue, and you are afraid what people opinions are, just do it, do not start walk around to find your happiness because your happiness are inside. I hate it when people said like what happen if I do not look pretty, you are pretty inside and outside, do not make yourself miserable. The struggles will make you strong and get all you want in life, like David and Goliath, "the little boy who fight with the giant warrior, and he won, when he throws the rock into his eyes", no matter how big is the problem and how small you are, you have to fight with your fear. If you pray to God and tell him what is going on in your life, he will help you to solve it, like he solves David's battle. Do not let people change the way you are, because some people just come and goes through, and we have to enjoy what we got while we have it and do all the things that we haven't, and thanks God because we are here. Conclusion, Live the life you love and love the life you live, just do what makes you happy. Remember that your happiness are inside, all you have to do is look for it and find something that you can prove yourself, that you made it without help and make yourself feel proud and do not let people take advantage of your insecurity because you are great, you are strong and that is all you have to do, focused on your success.