I Believe people who have positive attitude's towards life, are one of the biggest keys to success in life. You will see your life from a different perspective, then people with negative attitudes. They doubt them selves threw life and never reach there goal's because they don't have a positive attitude. You'll never give up easily or at all, because you see that it will help by making you fill more accomplished with yourself by having a positive attitude. Having a positive attitude will also make you a good person. You'll show yourself and others how to change there attitude towards life. As you are accomplishing your own goal's in life, you could be helping others do the same. So by helping people out with the way you see your life, you could help others reach the same goal on positive attitude with their lives. Life its self, is the biggest challenge anyone can go threw. Where put threw challenges every day without even knowing, and get threw them no matter how hard it may be. By helping others it could make' not just you seed in life but others as well. Even my family and I have been thrown the worse. From living in room's, basement's, and being evicted from apartment's because my parents wouldn't make enough money to keep us in one place. They were losing a lot of hope with life and from ever being stable for there family, but me as the only boy in the family I had to keep my positive attitude in life for our family goal in reaching stability for my older and younger sibling and I. I would wake up on top of some folded blankets the hard wooden floor with my mom and dad aside me, but I wouldn't care cause as long as I knew my little siblings were on the bed comfortably sleeping it would make me feel good because I knew one day it was all going to change. Keeping my positive attitude with my life really helped me a lot, because once I turned 16. I started to work at McDonald's everyday after school from 3:30pm to 10:00pm for five days a week. Every time I got paid I would save up my checks because I knew my parents never had good cars. We would always buy junky cars off the road, because we could never afford new cars. So I set my self a goal on buying my parents a new car, because I knew it could help them out. By not spending on old cars, I also knew they could never save up from all the stuff they had to pay and such. There were many days at work where I wanted to quit, but I would always look on how my family and I lived. Also, on how much my parents struggled just to give us hot food on the table. So I always kept my positive attitude with me for my family. The day came after 1 year of working I had saved up over 10k for a new car for my parents and the family. My mom and my dad where so proud of me and told me they could never thank me enough for all the hard work I had put in every day at work for the family. My family and I started to gain hope on our family after they saw what a big change I had made to the family just by having a positive attitude. So my two oldest sisters and I were starting to save up for a home for the family and that too, we had accomplished. Now we have a home that we have been living in for 5 years now, everyone has there room I bought my self a car too. Life is good, and I feel super successful with my life already. So yes, I do believe having a positive attitude is the key to a successful life. 