I think that by extending the school hours is not a very good idea. Because there might be some students that have things to do after school and teacher as well. It will effect everyone at the school because there are some students that don't like school very much. So by extend the hours they will not show up to school and that will affect the school and them. I don't think it will be a very good because there might have some student that have work after school. Or they might have to go and pick up there little brother or sister. And by extending the hours it will not let them do it because they have to be in school and some student will lose there job because they had to stay at school all day. Some student might have to walk to school and if you extend the school hours then it will get dark, and then they can't walk home alone. It will get dangers to go home alone so its best if the hours stay the same because then they will all be fine and by keeping it all the same can help a lot of people. By extending the school hours the student might not be mad to stay all day at school, so some student will not show up at school. Because they will not want to show up at school because they don't want to and that will affect everyone that u know. Because the student will fail and that won't help them at all. If you extend the school hour then there is going to be more homework to do and held at the end. Because there is go to be more work to do at the end. Some teachers are going to have something to do and work at thing at their homes so by extending the hours the teacher that have thought to do they will not be above to do it and that will make them mad, and then they will quit sand that would not be a good idea for the school and the teacher and the student. So that is why we shouldn't do it because it will affect a lot of people, and then it will make all lot of people not very happy so if we just keep it the way its soapstone it will be all OK cause then the student will be happy and the teachers will be happy so keeping it the way we have it will help a lot of people.