Why working together is more beneficial than working alone? Working with group of people increase collaboration and allows brainstorming. As a result, more ideas are developed and productivity improves. Working together prepare students for future jobs and careers. Two or more people are always better than one for solving problems. However, it is an important skill to be able to get along with others, and it is valued by employers. Everyone has heard people saying "Two minds are better than one" This quote has never rung more true, and all the ideas it promotes reflect crystal clear off a group work. Working in a group can reduce the amount of work you need to do, as well as make things a lot more efficient. Things are also finished much quicker because of the way many people can split up different jobs in a group, and people with different skill sets can do what they're best at. This broader range of skills can also be used to help other group members. The diversity found within a group of people is one of the most powerful resources a person can have when it comes to finishing a task. Though multiple ideas are helpful, and it is less work to be in a group. Sometimes working alone is beneficial as well. It really depends on the circumstances you're placed in, and the people you are around to say whether or not working in a group is benign or remunerative. Though working alone can be better for one's own reasons, such as anxiety, paranoia, worry about others preferences, or simply because you prefer to work alone. Oftentimes students will learn and experience more in group of their peers than working alone, which is better for the futures and possibly what lies ahead. Working together creates less work and allows more work to be completed faster. It allows constructive criticism from other members of the group, which promotes a better final product in the end. Overall, working together is beneficial because it creates different points, new ideas are generated. Different points of view create diversity and diversity is the key to success.