Nowadays most employers are looking for specific characteristics in potential employees'. They look for someone who is responsible, hard-working, humble, and kind. Someone who is going to be a role model for the company, and also for the community. Commonly, they look for a person who has experience, specially with costumer service. When the company decides to hire someone with all of these characteristics, the company is going to increase its sales, more costumers are going to visit the location, and they are going to be happy with the service provided.I believe that by having a good behavior and showing our values and manners, we are representing our families, and who we really are. Manners and values play a big role when hiring an employee. When communicating with costumers there has to be mutual respect. Responsibility is also really important. Showing up to work on time, with a clean uniform and a positive attitude, is a way to show responsibility and respect to the company. Therefore, by working hard and staying true to your self we are going to help make work a better place. A role model is kind, humble, learns from its mistakes every day, as well as to be a better person at work and outside from work. An employee is a role model for the community, and also it represents the company. As we all know, work can be hard sometimes, so it is important to ask for help when needed. By doing this we are creating a comfortable atmosphere for costumers to feel like home and to feel welcome. Eventually, sales are going to increase, and the company is going to make more money. Most teenagers my age don't have that much experience in any jobs. Mostly because they're too young, and the jobs they apply for secures at leas 1 or 2 years of experience. However, I think that at least we should get an opportunity to get the job, because no one would ever know how good we can be if we don't get an opportunity. In my experience, I've worked before with as a cashier. I'm also respectful and responsible. I take my job really serous, and I don't like to play games. Furthermore, I'm a straight forward person, who believes that if employees are good to the costumers, more and more people will visit the location and the business will show more growth. I highly believe that I am a good candidate for this position. For me, it is really important to have manners and values, specially inside work. To treat people with kindness and respectful. Also, to be responsible, and something that is really important for me is to work hard to get what I want. When I go to a restaurant or to a store, I like to feel welcomed, so that why I treat costumers the way how I like to be treated. In advance, I will like to say the importance of being a role model for our generation, We are the future of this world, and we have to make good decisions every day.  