Imagine every time you look at the clock, it is time to dismissal, but you are still in school and doing tones of extra work. This is usually the time that you are in your sports practice or music lesson, or even relax at home and watching TV. However, things are different now. You lost the option to go home after the normal school time, because the school is extending the school day hours. It is not fair for the student to force them to stay any longer than the regular school time, it can simply miss up the whole plain of students' after school activities. The school should not extend the school hours, because student might have activities and practice after school, and it is the right for students to choose to stay in school when the school is ended. For example, I have a lot of after school activities, and I always schedule them by looking at the time when school ends. I usually have music lesson right after school, it will be not convenient for me If the school hours are extended. I have to reschedule them, and decides with my private teacher. Furthermore, I might not have the time for the class because my private teacher and I are both very busy. The extending of school hours have the possibility to make me not taking the music lessons, because the conflict of the time. It is absolutely not worth it because, none of the new stuff will be taught in the extended hours, and we will most likely have more homework than usual. If we have more homework and more hours at school, our grade will most likely decrease because since many activities are squeezed to a short chunk of time, we will have less time to do our homework. In addition, It should be optional for students to stay on after school sections. However, there are people who have very few after school activities, and they are welling to stay in school. That is why school have after school sections. Instead of extending normal school time, we should let students go on after school sections because it is better for the student to manage their own time, and it is more beneficial for them. Students can stay in school for two hours every day in the week after the normal school time. There are many options for students to choose. Students can choose to study with a teacher in certain subject or work in the library if they want to study. Students can also go to the gym and play sports or even join a club like drama. Any options that students choose is benefit for them because they are learning in different kinds of way which might be more helpful than their regular class. It is clear that when students have rubble or issue in a subject, it is better for them when they come to the teacher one on one after school, because it is easier for them to understand the problem, and it is easier for the teacher to only explain to one person. Over all, it is a bad diction to extending the school time. It will not help or benefit the students, and it is a was of time for the students. It better for student that they go to their practice and after school activities or go to any after school sections. The student will be more beneficial and more welling to learn than go to their regular class for an extra one and a half hour. 