MY SCHOOL SHOULD NOT FOLLOW THIS MODEL BY EXTENDING THE SCHOOL DAY BY TWO- House addition of two hours to the school day will benefit the school poorly but, will cause a huge disadvantage to students and the school as a whole. The four - day work week will not be beneficial to my school because, it would reduce the amount of time students have for other activities, and also this will result in the inability of students to learn more, and as a result students are affected mentally and psychologically. To begin with, the school day has been designed in a special way which gives students, a reasonable amount of time to involve themselves in after school activities. These activities help the students acquire other skills different from what we acquire in school. For example, students who also take part in sports do not have enough time to practice or train after school if these 2 hours are added. Other students who work after school will begin to work fewer hours because they also need time to study and revise. As a student, time is needed to attain your goals and time also determines your future. In addition to, the student brain can't function as well as an adult brain after some hours of serious work. The brain becomes tired and needs rest after some time, but the adult brain can do more because it is well-developed than the student brain. After lunch, the students can study to a maximum of 3 hours only before feeling sleepy or tired and if these hours are extended, students will feel reluctant to study, which makes these extended hours a waste of time. Due to this, students won't take these hours seriously but will only disturb or disrupt the class which produces no positive result at the end of the class. The school makes sure that wastage of time is extremely prevented to produce positive outcomes and results. Furthermore, to become a successful student, individuals must be mentally upright and psychologically sound to allow learning to be much easier and convenient. If these 2 hours are added to the school day, the students won't be mentally stable because, they would be stressed from pushing themselves to learn more even tho they are tired. Psychologically, this will reduce a student's ability to understand new things being thought and also prevents them from revising past information or work given. If this is happens, students will begin to forget past information and how to apply them which will become a problem in the near future. Conclusively, this four - day work week would benefit other institutions but won't benefit an institution like my school because my school works and remains successful mainly by the use of precious time and effort. From, Generic_Name.  