I agree with the Emerson's statement, be yourself in a place where everyone else want you to be something else is the greatest accomplishment, because be who you are is really hard, more when people are trying to make you do things that you do not like or want, and ignore that kind of persons is a hard achievement. The differences in the people is what make us specials, because every vary has their own thing that they are good a, and they like to do it. And be in a place where is hard to be yourself is not easily to support it, and it is complicated it. Be who you are in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. Because stay in a place where no one let you be yourself is really difficult, desperate, and sadly. Is difficult to be yourself in a place where nobody accept you by how you are, the immigrant know how that feels, because they came from a different country where they have different culture and believes. Mexicans immigrant is hard to be their self in the USA, because the culture and language is different from the Mexican people specially the language, learn a new language is hard and when Mexicans do not learn the language, yet they feel like they are not accepted, because no one can understand them. The difficulty of be in an immigrant is that you have to learn the culture, and language of the country, but you do not have to stop being yourself. Because I know that be in a different country is hard to be yourself.it is desperate when people try to make you something else, most of teen anger got desperate when their parent try to make them something that they don't like. Teen angers just want to be their self and do things that they like. Because when parents, family or other people try to make you something different of what you were thinking is really stressful. Sometimes people try to make you something else, because they think that is going to be good for you but they don't think if is going to like or if you are good at it, they just want you to do what they think is better for you, but parents forget your opinion. Is desperate too when you're doing something different from others, and they tell you that you are wrong. Being in a place where nobody want you for being different of what they want is sadly, because people do not accept you for how or who you are, and persons that are different are mostly alone. A student that is immigrant could understand this because when a student that is immigrant go to a new school from other country have to learn a new language, and some other students that are from that country don't accept the immigrants just for be them self. And I think that is, but people should accept other persons that are from other countries and let them be their self. In that way people can learn many new think that can be interesting, and everyone is going to be happy, but when people do not accept other people and don't let them be is sad, because they are alone. I am agree be yourself in world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the grates' accomplishment, because being alone in a place where no one accept you for who you are is very difficult to live, does desperate hear things that you don't want to do and people still try to tell you what to do to make you something else, and sadly when no one want you just for be different, and you have to be alone. In conclusion be yourself and do not give up is the biggest achievement. Always is going to be hard to be who you are but never give up. 