Almost everyone in the world had a big problem in their life. Problem is not rare this day's. However, if you think of it problems is not that bad as you think. Like what Duke Ellington said" A problem is a chance for you to do your best", and I agree on what he said. I have several reasons why I agree on Duke's statement. My reasons are that problem make us work/push harder, it creates/set our goals, and importantly it make you learn from your mistakes. Problems make us work/push harder. Many businessman have many problems. But they work hard and hard because problems make us work harder. Like what the movie(You My Boss) said "A Good Businessman Need Problems To Do Better". Problems make us to push harder. It's like we are the turtle in the race where the turtle and bunny/fox race. I compare it like that because the bunny/fox is like the problem we want to face it and end it. My other reason is that problems create/set our goals. When a person has a problem of course their going to create/set a goal to complete. Like what happened to me when I was a kid. I have never seen my brother since I was 3 years old. So, I created a goal that I want to see my brother again, and it did happen. Problems make us create goal to achieve. My brother and I are a great example of that. Problems are pushing to set a goal that we will create the opposite of problems. Problems set as goals that we would not do the same mistakes again. Last but not the least, problems make us learn from our mistakes. Because before problems mistakes comes first. When I got a problem I always ask my self "What did I do wrong?". Then, when I know what's the reason I just don't do it again, so no problems will be created. When you learned your mistakes and don't create another problem their where it proves that "Problems make us learn from our mistakes". Brain and feelings are created, so we can't make the same mistakes as before. So we can prevent many similar problems in our life. My reasons why I agree are that problem make us work/push harder, it creates/set our goals, and importantly it make you learn from your mistakes. All of these reasons are very important to know. So you can understand why problems are not bad as you think of. Problems make us push harder, create goals, and the most important part it makes us learn from our mistakes. Problems are the reasons why the world is still together and not fighting. Problems make us go together and help each other. Humans are created to enjoy life and learn from problems to problems.