Yeah because, people need to enjoy summer with the family and friend. And yeah is good idea to me because, we can get a week off in the spring and fall. People can go to the beach or king dominion, to have fun with family and friend. Nobody enjoy summer because, some people going summer school when somebody fails class. This year I want to have a great summer, because I want to know thing. Like I want to go to my country other country. And I want to know new friends to play with him. This summer I want to play new sport like basketball, football and other sport. This summer I want to have fun, and play with my cousin and friend. Going everywhere with them, play pool with them practice boxing. And play soccer every day because soccer is my favorite sport. My dream is going to Generic_City that is my dream, because one day when I have my money I am going. When I have my job and have a good money, I am going to Generic_City to know thing like new people, and my other dream is going to Generic_City, because I want to know new beach and new people too and to have new friend. I want to know new country, like I want to go to Generic_City to know my favorite singer and to have more thing to know. And to have my favorite food because, I want to know new food to eat. And this summer I want to do a lot of things, I don't like to stay home or when I am going to summer school and no do nothing just do homework and summer like is no fair. This I want to have an Food grade to no go to summer school if you don't pass you classes you are going summer school, if you study hard and have a good grade you can have fun and summer. And going with my cousin swing because, I like to swimming because is fun to go to the pool and have a Lille a fun to do. And then going to the beach with my family and have fun, because summer is fun to do thing or watching movie with my cousin and friend's is nice to have good friend. And this summer I want to practice my license driving because, I wanna drive and going everywhere like Generic_City. Last year I went to Generic_City to see new thing, I buy my favorite thing like my shoes I buy my favorite shoes. My last summer was great because, I went to king dominion with my mom and sister and cousin last year was fun. This year I want to go again to king dominion because, the place is a great place to have fun and going to the beach going to Generic_City to know people and to know new friend. And Spring Brake I am going to my country to see my grandmother, because I have 5 years I am not going to my country and to know thing going to the pool going to the beach and other places and to see my old friends. Summer is great because, you can do a lot of things like play outside with my friend, play pool, play soccer, play basketball.