Is it good for students to finish high school early?. Students should be allowed to take classes early because they do all their work in time, they take classes over the summer or even after school. They also get to go to college faster. They also get to walk and get there diploma faster. The student gets to go to college to study for what he wanted to study for. The students who study harder or finish the work they do should be allowed to finish school in three years. If they study hard and take extra classes let them fish early. That's all up to them, if they care about their study let them walk early. The student puts his or her mind set to finish school early which is great for them. The student who finishes school gets more time off of school. But at the same time more stress on them. At the end of the day the more students that finish school early have one full year of no school. They get to focus on what they want to go to college for to study. But that's only some schools, some schools don't even allow students to finish school in three years. In some schools they make you do the full 4 years of high school. Some schools problem want the students to do the full 4 years of high school because they problem need a class on 12th grade. If some schools let some students finish in the 3 years then the school won't be as packed. The schools need more space cause of more students coming in. They need to have more space, and it would be less work for them. But at the same time it would take some time off the teachers. Some teachers have the time to help students and some don't. Welp that's all have to say about schools letting students finish school in three years. I really think schools should let students finish early because they work hard to get there. If the student finishes his or her work they should be allowed to walk early. I think that all schools should allow all the students who want to finish early to let them. It's good for the student that means he or her is educated and can get a good job and go to college to study for something perfect. 