Dear, manager I want to know more about your business. What opportunities do you give your employees? I want to know new things from your business. I would love to go and have a position there. Furthermore, I'm interested to give it a try in your business. A professional like you can teach me how everything works and how you maintain everything under control with your employees. Also, it is delightful if I could ask questions about how is it difficult to be such a big person as a manager? Therefore, I choose your company because I feel like its great for me to start working in a place that I could be conformable with. And specially if its from a company with great quality and management. Also, I can learn how to socialize with people. Learning how to communicate is important for a company, so everything is in order. Some companies don't know how to communicate and to be organized. They've to be anti-social, so they can focus on their work and not on other employees otherwise there's consequence. Some companies are very strict with their employees. For examples employees have to be obedient to every single thing. As in, they've to follow every step correctly, or they would get fired or worst. Thirdly, Your company is understandable to your employees. You treat them with respect and love as if they were your family. I heard that if your employees had an emergency you would be generous and support them no matter what. I never heard one complain from your company either. However, it's the exact opposite. People who work there seems to love it and to enjoy it! They've learned to be responsible and respectful in your company. You also are fair with your employees. Employees in that company gets paid well with no complains. They get paid exact the hours they've been working. However, the way you manage your customers is incredible. Your customers are never disappointed what they order is exactly what they get. Employees always have a smile on their faces when receiving a customer. They're always gentle and polite. But more importantly patient because they're a lot of customers who are slow or aggressive, they like to get attention. As great employees they handle any challenges. And I think it's a perfect start for me because I'll do everything right with no excuses. In the other hand, your company is always nice and neat you make sure that the place looks good and prepared just in case important visitors come to visit your company.Meanwhile, I think the environment needs more companies as and this one. Because everything about this company is splendid and spectacular. They've great service and employees. They make sure their customers come in and out happy. Your company takes responsibility for any errors that could happen. You also give great deals for customers. You teach your employees have to be a great worker. You give your employees plenty of time to get along with their job because you know that in the future they will do way much better. You also persuade your employees that they can do anything. That giving up is not an answer. I would like to be an outstanding person for your company. I want to tell everyone about how amazing your company is and how wonderful everyone who work there is. The organization in your company is great you keep everything in order. In conclusion, I think I am very interested in learning about your company more and actually try to work there. I want to feel that joy and that responsibility I have to have. I want to spend time learning and practicing in your company. Your company has shown me that not all companies are bad as they say nor terrible. In my opinion I think companies should be more like this one. So if I could get the opportunity to go and check it out and learn that would be amazing. Because I never heard of a company this generous before. And I would definitely would love to know more about it. Everything about your company is great for example communication, organization,employees and deals. It sounds entertaining and enjoyable. This is an enormous deal for me. So Mr. Manager I would like to go and visit it. I could also work that exact day if you want me to it would be a pleasure to work in an amazing company.