I like to play my instrument, because I like the relaxing songs we play. And my older brother use to play the violin so that's two reason why I started to like instruments so much. And I have been trying to learn how to play the violin for a while now. I also learn how to play old to joy which is an amazing song in my opinion. My new music teacher this new year has very been pushing us to our limit which is great because he could help us on the parts we don't know how to play yet. Moon night is an old music sheet that we still play. The music notes on it are really hard to play, Like on line number four and ten. It seems like I'm being getting better in just a short amount of time which my teacher and brother are very proud about. If I do master the violin I'm going to try the piano next and my reason for that is just to play it on a rainy down, and I know which song to play, and it's called thank you by dido, it's such a lovely song to play when it's raining outside. Also, I heard a song called happier which I have been trying to play this week. I wonder what kind of jobs I can get if I keep going down this path, hopefully it's a good paying job. Instruments are good educational activities because it makes people to try over and over again until they get it right which is very hopeful ti those who want to keep trying. My brother haves been taking his time teaching me how to play the violin because he no cites that I have been playing it lot, or he had nothing else to do. The good thing about instruments it teaches you that things take time and parties to learn just like most things in the world which is really hopeful. And every instrument teaches you something a little different from one another which I find it amazing that each instrument has new to explore on it. Also in the world of music you can your music you just need to take your time with it. When you do that song can become the next big thing. Plus you can your feelings into the song and playing from the heart is what music is all about. Playing from the heart can be a little odd to most people, and most people are shy about it as well. And students can help each other parts of the music sheet so to teach won't have to waste his time ever student who doesn't know a part. Learning how to play an instrument is enjoyable and a new to learn something new, Which every teacher wants from their students correct? Also buying music sheets is also a way to go out to world and see what's going on. Which music your mind is your only limit, well that's what my music teachers aids anyway. Plus you might go into a collage for free if you're very good at playing your instrument. Which is really amazing that could happen. And I think there's clubs for playing instruments so students can learn which each other with things that they don't know yet which could be a huge help for them and maybe later on as well. Also, if they have someone in their family knows how to play an instrument they can teach them as well, and maybe even more.