A positive attitude is the key to success in life. A position of the body or manner of carrying oneself. Do to prefer a person whit bad attitude or good attitude?, think about it. In my position I agree with the statement, because; people get better communication with others, get more jobs, and students have more opportunities. Some people think attitude reflect self-confidence to society, as positive attitude reflect peace and happiness. For example: When I have a positive attitude; I see more people want to know about me, but when I have a bad attitude nobody wants to know me, because they know people with a positive attitude reflect more friendly, furthermore people with positive attitude have better relation with their family, friends and communities as they energy is more pleasant. A positive person with good attitude get more jobs. In some companies a positive attitude is a requirement for the employer. People who have a positive attitude do better works. For example: I am waitress and my boss say all the time" if you want to be a good customer service you need to have a good attitude" and that's true because when I have a good attitude with the costumers they give me a good tips, but when I have a bad attitude I get bad tips. Customers want a good service, employer want to make good money and companies want a good worker. Some Schools want students with positive attitude. A student attitude is important because help them to get a better school opportunities. For example: Sports, Science, and others Team's in schools; the good attitude is a requirement if you want to be part of them. Students with a negative attitude have difficulties to connect with the class and work in a group. However, students with a good attitude facility they own work, and the teachers work, because if a student have a bad attitude is more difficult that teacher or coach teach them and help as student is good in those things, but have a bad attitude he/she lost the opportunities to show their capacities. In conclusion, a positive attitude is the key to success in life, as important and help to people get more opportunities at jobs furthermore be great in studies and get a better communication with all people, that make a success person in their life.