My thoughts on this are that it is good time and this should actually occur for many reasons first during the weekdays young people have school everyday only if it is a holiday or if sick. By implying this more young people will get out of the streets so late at night there is no need to be out so late at night in the first place. Second of all, at 10 p. m is a great time to be home during the weekdays it will keep you out of trouble and there will be fewer chances of young people dying to other criminals at night. Late at night is where most of all crimes occur and now the chances of this will be lowed. Third of all, as there are so many people that sell drugs and if young people have to be home so early the chance of them getting into all types of drugs will be so much lower. If this does become a law the times are also very appropriate Monday through Friday until 10 p. m and then Saturday through Sunday until 12 p. m no one needs to be on the streets later than this time that is being given. If they are their out so late there should be an extreme reason as to why they would be "breaking the law". This will most likely keep young people out of more troubles than they already are. This time is not unfair it is a very generous time to be home. This really should not be interfering with any ones life you can still go out but not be out for so late at night. I would understand if this law was also for people over the age of 18 because young adults like to party. But this law should actually be for people under the age of 18 that would make more sense and being an "adult"(over the age of 18) they know what is right from wrong, what they should be doing, and what they should not be doing. This law is not to harm anyone, but it would to improve the community curfews to keep teenagers out of trouble I can very much agree with that. But those young teenagers are not doing the right thing then no matter what law that is added nothing will change the fact of how they act(keep them out of trouble). Going back to the time it is not like this law will be implying that the young people do not hang out with their friends this is just so more people can stay safe from all the trouble that is the streets. A lot of innocent people die every year by being so late at night and in the streets where some bad people come out. They have all after school to be doing after school activities this will not keep anyone from doing what they want. It is just a way to keep young people out of trouble there should be excuses to all of this like going to a party but there as well should be a limit to all of this. The consequence if they break the law should start of as a warning and then just be adding on to that. My position on this curfew law is also that I would understand why people do not want this to happen but at the same time teenagers do know what they should be doing and what they should not be doing. I have two different view points why they should be worried and why they should not be worried. I know that people like to have sleep-overs and would this be included or do they have to specifically in their house on can they be sleeping at someone else. Back into my other view if they go to a party lets say over the weekend where the curfew is at 12 p. m because it is on a Saturday, and they come back at 1 p. m or later. They are not keeping track of time and lose the time. They are having fun with all of their friends, and then they get caught because someone calls the police. Then the police comes, and now they have to face the law and all that. Now what is next that being on their record just because they stayed out longer then they had and were on the streets. This would honestly suck and then going home and getting in trouble by your parent because of a mistake you made. After all this wanting to go to a very good college and they're not accepting them just because they made a mistake for staying to late at the party. This would be a downside because if anyone breaks the law that will go on there record and not come out of their permit sadly this is a consequence that can happen and would suck. A college not accepting them because they" broke the law" not fun at all because colleges do look at everything anyone does before getting accepted and being a very good student with a high GPA and hearing this would not be good they will be carrying that guilt for their whole life by not getting into the college that they want to get into. On the other note right now there is not a curfew to what time teenagers should be home yet but there is a curfew to when who ever has their permit for driving. So that is also a big restriction no young teenager is out in their car at a late time the only time you can actually see them is when they are getting out of school. There are pros and cons to this "law" but I think there are mostly pros then cons everything is very much reasonable and understanding. The only down/con that I can personally thin of right now is that they get caught and that going in their record does not sound good at all. But overall there are a lot of pros to this and this law should be seriously implied to all the United States not only to one city but to all of them. This will keep more people safe yes pf course there is always that one person who wants to break the law as a joke or something that really should not be anything to play around with or anything but something that all young people listen to it take it serious. In conclusion this law or curfew will stop all of these thieves from stealing young girls or boys and then selling them as well as to stop rape from happening so much because sometimes it is very hard to detected people because of how dark it is. But this will most likely lower the chance of all these negative things to happen so frequently to anyone. It will also keep young people out of lots of trouble by being so late at night less danger.