" Why stay home bored out of your mind when there are enjoyable ways you can spend outdoors? "I think outdoors activities are more enjoyable than indoors activities because you can spend more time with family, spending more time exploring the world, and take time away from all those electronic devices. Being outdoors provides a wide variety of interesting ways to enjoy being outdoors for example going to the park where there awesome activities for the kids and parents, taking a stroll outside with you dog or family, and it can also be a stress reliever. First, Family is important, and spending more time with family is important, because it allows you to get to know them. For example your mom and dad work really hard to affords all the stuff you need and you and your brothers and sisters are barely able to see them. On Saturdays and Sundays are the only time your able to see them and have quality time with them, but you are to busy in your room chatting with friends a d doing your homework, but all you have to do is take a break and spend time with them. Going to the park with them, walking around, talking have a nice conversation without a rush, joking around are ways you can spend time with family. Having fun at a carnival or festival with your family, eating hot dogs, cotton candy, riding fun rides, you might even find your cousins there and also spend time with them. All of these are enjoyable ways you can spend with your family outdoors. Secondly, spending more time with the outside world is an amazing experience because it allows you to discover all the amazing living creatures, food, cultures, countries, other ways other people live, etc. It can be very enjoyable to explore for example you can go to South Africa there are amazing food, animals if you go to the zoo its amazing, and fun to do with family or friends or even alone. Exploring can also be fun you can go out meet people you can go to book fairs, concert from your favorite bands or singers, try out different restaurant, try something crazy like jumping from a cliff and going into the river, swimming with sharks or dolphins, you can meet people who might be with you your whole entire life, have connections with them, visiting a museum, an aquarium. There are fun ways you can explore the world with all these outdoors activities. Thirdly, spending time away from electronics helps enjoys quality times with other for examples your family, friends, and it helps be more focus in school and homework. Humans have tendency to procrastinate and be like" oh I'm going to do my homework and this or that tomorrow I have so much stuff to do"but at the same time stay on their phone for hours. Some people can't even have a decent conversation with family or spend time outdoors with their brothers and sister because they are too busy on their phone for hours. Parks, museums, and other places have good outdoors activities that helps humans stay away from technologies. There and millions of ways you can enjoy outdoors activities without being on your devices. In conclusion, going to the park with your family and spending time together, visiting different countries, taking time away from your phone, and enjoying all the beautiful things this earth has, are enjoyable ways you can spend outdoors, all the activities can also be a stress reliever, going to the park with your cousin and sibling are fun to do and are enjoyable time outside.