Accomplishing more if we are always doing something, is how Thomas Jefferson determined it. It's recommend day after day that we motivate ourselves to move forward as we learn to progress in new skills we learn. Accomplishing more if we are always doing something is a huge motivation for people because; it helps the person in many ways, they get benefits, and it helps them be productive. This is why each day we see more and more people becoming greater than what they already are in life. When accomplishing more things if we're always doing something, people seem to get or fine benefits by doing this task. People are being able to gain more knowledge from this because, they're simply putting in lots of dedication and time into always doing tasks. Most people that are always doing more seem to find what they truly like to do and having a passion for, therefore this helps them a lot because it is leading them to find a career that they're truly passionate about. Lastly it helps the person keep their mindset clear and puts a positive energy inside their self. How does this help the person? Well by accomplishing more it helps the person get some type of payment if working under employment, or simply they're just starting off working. Seeing that someone can get money by doing more is always going to be a motivation on someone's mind because, they're seeing different lifestyles around the community. Getting money by accomplishing more is a big achievement for mostly everyone, they are able to save, spend, and as well as helping family or close friends. There are are many people out there that want to give back to their loved ones for many reasons and the only way by doing this is being productive in accomplishing more. The most important part of accomplishing more of something is by, by being productive when deciding to part the amount of effort you want to accomplish what someone one wants. People that seek goals for themselves always seem to be the most productive, only because they visualize big things in their future. Being Productive is amazing thing, because it doesn't show a weakness inside the person, and it is a way to show strength, as well as showing hunger for what you are striving for in life. Setting examples to others that you are productive and are accomplishing more and big things, is going to look good on someone simply because, they see the outcome of the handwork, and dedication put into doing more of something. In conclusion, if we accomplish more by doing something; we will become remarkable in many different ways. By challenging their selves to go down the road as something big all they need to do is be productive with themselves, acknowledge that they will have benefits, and learn why it will help them become who they want to be. Therefore, if they are someone out there in the world that wants to accomplish big things, all they need to do is do more of something and strive for their success.