Befits For An Extra Hour of School85% of students who study more can pass more test. I feel like some students could befit from an extra half an hour of school because it could help students learn more. Also, some students struggle with some subjects, so it could also befit some students who can not stay back. School should add an extra half of an hour to school because it could help students get more education, better job opportunity, and help students to be better prepared for test. First, students with more education could help students lead to success. Education is helpful because it is needed in a lot of daily activities. Education is also super important because it is throughout life. Also, some students who want to get in a good collage but do not have the money for it if they have a good education they can get in for free, but they have to have good grades. Some students might want to become a teacher but might not have the right education for that so that why education is important. Second, students could have better job opportunity. Some students would not like the job they get. Also, students with good education could give students a job they want. Another thing a better job could make the students get more money from higher paying job and also some students could want to become a teacher. Students also do not have to worry about how much they are getting paid and what type of job they have. Some students could have a better job opportunity if they get an extra 30 minutes because they get more education are more likely to pass their test. Third, students will be better prepared for test. Some students struggle with a lot of tests because they can not stay back. So I think an extra 30 minutes could help students get a little more education, and it could help students learn more and be better prepared for test. And also passing test is important because it is one of the highest grade and if u fail them it could make your grade go down a lot. A some student may struggle and that could help student do more activities, and maybe they can pass more. In conclusion, I think an extra 30 minutes could help students get more education. It is also good for some student. It will also help students be better prepared, and could let them lead to success. So I feel like an extra 30 minutes is not that long, so some student would also not mine. So it could benefit some student to make them more successful.