Students committing to a career at a young age can actually be very helpful. Although, some students prefer not to be committed to a specific career in their high school years. Some students just like to take their time and explore new things and that way it can give them ideas about what to do in the future. Other students just decide what to do when they are in college. That being said, committed at young age, exploring new things, deciding in college. Students being committed at a young age is helpful and will benefit themselves for the future. Students sticking to one area for their career at a young age and just being focused on it is what they need in order to get there. Especially if they are focusing and putting hard work at a young age. However, some students may not enjoy having to just stick with one area. Students will not be able to enjoy what other students enjoy. Exploring new things at the young age is very fun. With students being committed at a young age and all, exploring new things at a young age is very fun. Students do not have to worry or stress about being committed to just one thing. Students exploring at a young age will have more opportunities to see what they like. Students will enjoy more of their time rather than other students who are committed to one thing. Unless if students really love to what they are committed to, they won't enjoy much of their time. For example, if one student is committed to one thing but does not love what he is doing and the other student who is exploring new things and enjoying his time, then the student exploring will enjoy more of his time and be happy as well. Being committed at a young age, exploring new things are fun but Lastly, students decide what to do as they enter college. Students deciding as they head to college is pretty tough. Some students won't be able to prepare for what's coming. For example, if students had chosen what to do while they were in high school then they would have time to prepare for what they would be doing in college. But choosing what to do as you head in to college can be tough for some students. In conclusion, being committed at a young age is good and beneficial for students, but it can get boring and sad, unless if students truly love what they are doing. Students entering college and immediately deciding what to do without actually knowing anything about what they chose is not so fun. Now students who explore new things at a young age is what most students should do. This way they know what they will enjoy and what they won't enjoy. Students can do whatever they want to at a young age. Once students find what they love. They can stick to it and have it as their career. 