Forty-five percent of people in the world enjoy doing outdoor activities. Something like going to community parks, state parks, and even national parks. The other percentage of people are indoors sleeping, watching TV, or playing video games. I personally can do both, there are other days when I just want to stay in the house and there are other days when I want to get out the house and do things like playing soccer with my brother and father. Enjoyable ways to spend you time outdoors can be going to festivals hanging out with friend or even reading a book in the park. Some interesting and enjoyable outdoor activities that I like doing is going to the zoo, going on a picnic, hanging out with friends and family, playing some type of sport, or visiting an amusement park. Away that I would spend my time outdoors is hanging out with family and friends. By doing that I can go to the zoo with friends or go to a park and play sports with them. There are many things you can do you just have to find the right activity the like and enjoy. Another activity that I enjoy is playing soccer with my dad and brother we always go to the park and play with my cousin then after that we would go out to eat and it's better than sitting home all day and doing nothing. These activities can be enjoyable because you together with family and friends and that can make things fun. People can use these activities to take their minds off certain situation like problem at home or something going on at school. People can use going to the park and reading a book as an escape of reality and life and going into their imagination. There are many reasons why these activities can be enjoyable. Just sitting home all day doing nothing can cause you to be lazy and hide away from the world but also going outside is good for you mental growth. My mother has always told my siblings and I that we should go outside more often, and I think to myself why is it important for us to go outside if there are more problems in the world the being indoors. I think that being outdoors can help you open you mind up more to new things and experiences. For example my friend PROPER_NAME had skin cancer, and he was so scared of being outside, and he wanted to hang out with his friends, play sports, and go to the park and have picnic. This story is what motivates me to go outside because I don't want the freedom of going outside to be taken away. Everyone like a bit of fun for example last week me and my friend went bowling, and then we went to the mall it was pretty enjoyable because I forget about everything and focus on myself and the people I am with. I find it interesting when we were younger we loved being outdoors playing with our friend and now that we are older and have electronics we decide to stay inside because its more entertaining. In conclusion, there are many enjoyable things to do outdoors you just have to find the right activity that suites you or maybe even try new things do to by yourself or find someone to do it with.  