Do you like K-pop? Well guess what Korea is the home of K-pop, and it's a great experience. Over all Korea is a great place to visit. These are the reason why I would love to go to Korea because of their food, the beautiful places, and the time I can get to myself. One reason, why I love Korea as much is because of the food. The food in Korea is so tasty for example the Korean BBQ (Barbecue). Korean BBQ'S is where everyone sits down at a table order some raw meat, they also get some side dishes like to go with it. Once they get the raw meat they cook it have ever they want, in the small grill in the nibble of the table. Kimchi is another type of food that I like because it's spicy and I love spicy foods. But the best part about the food in Korea is the street food because it's so cheap but yet so tasty that I could die for it. Another reason, is the beautiful places in Korea. Visiting the Han River a great first place to go when you get to Korea. Han River has lots of beautiful pink blossom tree's which are great for taking photographs. Generic_City is a city that is very populated with people. Generic_City is just like California here in the United States because it's where all the famous people live at. The best part of Generic_City is the performances because you get to see so many talented people show off there skills with rapping, dancing, and singing. The beaches in Korea are a great place for families to have bonding time together, especially in Susan. Finally, the best part is "me time" which means I can get time for myself. Decent hotels are really hard to find, but every single hotel in Korea looks amazing from the inside and from the outside. Every single thing in the hotel in is clean because Korean people don't like to be messy they love to be organized. The relaxation spas are great, to have some "me time" they do foot massages, facial treatment and more. Yoga is even more relaxing than anything else because it helps your mind contract and balance its self in order to distress. These are the main things I suggest you to do if you want to release the stress and have some "me time". In conclusion, I suggest you to take a trip to Korea. One, is because the food is great, especially the street food. Second, it has the most amazing places to visit like Han River. Last but not least, is the relaxation time I can get for myself. Well it's time for me to catch a flight to Korea. I hope I see you there too. You might even catch a glimpse of your favorite K-pop idol.