Dear Teacher, I've been asked if is more beneficial working in a group with students or working alone. In my opinion I think working as a group is more beneficial than doing all the work alone. I think working as a group is less stress on the student but helps get the work done faster and easier. I've noticed that people do better in group projects because the work can be split between the students and not just one person doing all the work that may be hard to understand or do all the work on time. Working as a group helps mostly those students who really don't do their work on time or having problems in understanding what to do, and also they can ask the students in the group for more support or in explaining something more clear. For example, if a student that is working alone doesn't understand the concept of the project and has no one to ask or just doesn't want to ask the teacher they will either do it wrong or just not do it because they don't have that extra support. In a group you usually have that person that is on top of you if you are doing you part and asking if you need help or need more explanation. Being a group creates communication skill and helps those who have trouble with interacting with other students. Working as a group get the work done faster and helps not go to hard on yourself. This is why when a teacher asks me if I want to work alone or with a group or partner, I always work with someone else because it just helps me get my assignment done on time because I have done big projects by myself and I see that I struggle to do it, then at the end I get a bad grade, or I just end up not doing it because I feel like I can ask TH teacher for help. Some students have this problem in reaching out to their teacher because they are either shy or they just can't find a way to get their help. Many students will agree that working as a group is helpful and beneficial instead of working alone where is hard to do everything alone and having to plan what to do to get an assignment done and hoping for the best. 