I think by having older students with younger students would be helpful. Because older students can help the younger students with homework, projects and classwork. Older students how to do the right things that can help the younger students. To begin with, having older students can teach the younger students on what they need help with in school. This can be really helpful to younger students because with help someone that is older than you can help you improve in school. Like for example my friend is one year older than me and helps me with school work when I need it. Older students can help teachers by help the students with classwork. Having older students in a program can be useful because they can show the younger students how to act the right way in class, and show others to do what they need to do. Additionally, younger students can look up to older students that they trust. Because they have helped them in school and having fun spending time with each other. Some younger students might think an older student can treat them as a sibling. Like for example I see one of my friends as a sibling because we have been friends since we were little, and I trust them. So it's good to look up to someone that you trust and count on and be their for you when you need them. Finally, I think having older students and younger students in the same program would be great. Because older students can show the younger students how to be right and do what your teacher tells you what to do. And parents want their kid to do good in school, so they can have a good life to live. Having a mix of older and younger students can learn to do things together. By having older students it can effect the younger students to do good in school. In conclusion, I think it's good to have a mix of older and younger students to be in the same program. This can help older and younger students to work together. And helping one in other is to help improve what they need help on. Like on homework, classwork,and projects to see what the need to improve.