I disagree, and here on my reasons. If you just believe on your imagination then knowledge it wouldn't end up go for you. 1,people would think you're crazy. 2,people would not even believe it would even work or would ever come true. Lastly, people would just think its plain old dumb if you believe in that. I think people would think you're crazy because if you keep living on your imagination then you'll get to stuck in your own little games your in, and you'll sometimes forget what the real world thinks of you. The worst to come is that you'll get to scared to come to even go out into the real world. Knowledge is a powerful thing that everyone has, and its more powerful than your own imagination. If to keeping thinking about your own little world your own little world you live in, then you would just forget on how the real world is a scary place. Second of all, If you have a big imagination, people would not even believe that it would ever come true. Reason number 1,people would just believe in whatever you do. Think about it, their are so many ideas that just shut down, like how bills get made but they don't even get to the second step of becoming a law. Reason number 2,Everyone judges on what you think and what you believe. Some might agree, but most of all they just think your weird or crazy. So yes, it's scary to think on what people believe in what you imagine. Finally, People would just think your plain on dumb. If your imagination gets to out OD hand, people would just think your dumb or disagree with you. Yes, it's weird or even sad to have people judge or think you're done with your own fantasy. People won't take you seriously. And if they don't take you like you mean business, then they just won't talk to you at all. And your left with nothing but your own ideas. So, its risky to have a huge imagination because people would just think your plain on dumb, or they might take your ideas and leave you with nothing. In conclusion, I don't think it would be a great idea to have a big imagination. Knowledge is best because people won't judge you, they won't think your crazy, and they would believe you a 100%. I think its great having a big imagination, but don't get to attach to your imagination.