When older student work with smaller students, it can make friends, it can also help smaller student and older student. When older student and smaller student work together it can make friends because both student have to work together, so they have to listen and talk to each other, so they can be friends. When they talk to each other they can learn more about the other person like they can know what they like or what they don't like. So they can learn a lot from each other. It means that when you make friend it can help the smaller kids. It can help the smaller kid because they can understand better about the lesson because they know then if they don't understand something someone is gonna to help them to understand. They can say their opinion because tithe older and smaller student do not have a lot of different age like could have 4 or 5 years old more than TEM so that is not a lot, so it can be easier to the small kid to explain to you what their opinion is. They can also ask a question when they want because sorely they have to wait that the teacher is finish another student to ask but if there are also older students which already do the less you can ask them your question. The work by different age help the small kid, but it can also help the old kid. It can help the old kid because it helps them to stay calm to do not be in stress, because with small kid you have to peak slow and do not be angry because they do not understand you are saying. If they understand what you are saying it mean that you have to find another way to explain it like speak clearly with simple words because don't know all the long and difficult word. The older student have many forget this lesson, so they can relearn the less at the same time then the small kids, but it will be easier for the older student because he will remember quickly. So when the small and big kid work together it can great benefits, and it can help the both of the student. So when older student work with smaller students, it can make friends, it can also help smaller student and older student. So I real think it is important for the small and old kid to work together, because they both have benefits to do it.  