"Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss enthusiasm".-Former British Minister Winston ChurchillImmigrants who came from different countries to the United States are the strongest people in the world. These people really know what failure means and how brave they are to leave their families and find the success that they could not get on their countries. That's the meaning of this statement, and I'll explain to you why I am agree with this powerful phrase. I believe that immigrants who came to the United States are the strongest people because they have to do a lot of sacrifices before to come here, for example, some parents live theirs children with their grandparents or take the risk to come with them even knowing how hard is the way to come to America.It's really difficult to come to a new country without know the language, the city, and what kind of people will you find in the way, some are good persons who help them some of them are racist, they start from hero without a house, a car, a good job, being alone and so far from their families, this is how they get the strength to keep moving up and help their families in their countries. They are the best example for this statement to teach us how can we start from down in a new place and get the opportunity to be in the top without never give up making clear our goals and purposes, sometimes we want to do something that we really love, but we feel afraid to fail, but if we never try we're never going to know how it feels like to see ours dreams realized. If you believe in what you think, then it worth and do not let anyone tell you that you can not. I'm agree with this statement because it shows us a different way to see what we call difficult or impossible to make. When the things are getting hard just think in the price that you will earn at the end or how proud you will be for made that thing that you wanted to do and someone told you that you could not make. Just be as an immigrant, brave, able, capable to risk all that they have to get a new opportunity, a different way of live but always thinking about the yearned price. I hope you have an idea about this statement means, and do not give up on your dreams and the goals that you made some day thinking about make them reality and if you always want to triumph you have to spend time on it.  