It's better working as a group because the teacher will think that we will benefit more thing as a project or classwork. And also that we will work together and talk as a group for the teacher because working alone is hard to think for the one question that you don't know what is about. So many of students think working as a group is better will help each other However, teacher will think many from us that will improve from talking each other and together. Because the student will do more stuff and talk a lot also as a group and alone because many students will do that to get focus and pay attention the class. This why that people prefer working with a group is better. Because the reason that we want working as a group is that we will work together and help out the question to talk and give a convinced from the work. That we will don't know the answer from the question or the problem because for example, well you think that as a sport you need to be in a group that play together, talk together, and work together as a team is the same thing in the school or other place. For the other example, you saw the cartoon of Luna tools that Bugs Bunny and the duck doing the play for the opera that people will laugh this is call working together as a team to do funny thing in the cartoon shows. So many of student think working alone is better. Because you will achieve more thing be yourself and thinks more hard you never think before from the work. A lot of student and teacher think it will go better that working as a group well it's going to be hard that whatever, that I need help, or my friend need help we can not work together we're only going ask the teacher for help for the question. Because many of student will do better job in the class to do work and think more stuff outside the place. For example, some singer that work alone because the there want to be alone that make a better song and to do something and plan yourself to leave anywhere you want to see a better life alone. In conclusion some people like working with a groups and other half like working alone because the teacher said if you want work with a group go ahead if not you can work alone. So a lot of students show the teacher you can do both as a same time because it doesn't matter if you want work as a group or alone because there will give you plenty of time that to do same thing as a group and alone. 