When you're looking for advice, you might not go to the same exact person. Hopefully you do talk to more than one person to make a better choice and give up the less opportunity cost. Most people talk to more than one person to see their other options instead of putting all one decision into one person's own opinion. One thing I like about talking to multiple people for advice is that they can give you so many open options to pick and decide from. Most likely if all the people you talk to about advice or help, you will pick what they have choose. Which can be good, or it could lead to a bad cause. Your always going to have an opportunity cost. You either make a good or a bad move, which can lead in different directions. Including the rest of your life, your mood for the rest of the day, the improvement, or the impact. There are multiple options that can occur. Another reason this option is good is because you can hear all the others' people's opinion's about your choice, and you can mark out the ones you have already happened to you in a perfect or an awful way. You can also, pick their opinions or options and learn from it either if it's going to be a bad time or a good time. After you have learned you can help out the one's in your same position or a little more different. But still can be able to help others in need. You can learn from it and help other's, or you can learn from it and help yourself in the future if you ever come upon the same situation. Or even teach the one's need in teaching dislike I don't like about talking to a couple of people for advice, is hearing their opinions and advice it could possibly change your mind of you were thinking about before, But also it could be the better choice of the 2 or more open options. Different people can give you different responses about your situation. Which can make your problem worse of the option you're going to have decided to pick which advice could outrun the rest. Even picking which choice you're going to make can put more stress and pressure on you. Maybe even after picking your choice it could turn out the worst day of your life or the best. It's really hard to make the selection of which advice you're going to pick.