Are vacations a necessity to us and to our success? Why do we need them? While some say that inactivity gives us time to reinvent ourselves. Others believe that it instigates procrastination. Inactivity serves a purpose because it keeps us from giving up, and it allows us time for new ideas. Inactivity serves a purpose because it keeps us from giving up. For example, I was once taking a very long test that lasted around 4 to 5 hours. At first, I was just guessing my way through it because I was very tired and ready to give up. Then, we were given a five-minute break, so I got up and walked around a bit. After walking for a few minutes, I was energized and ready to finish the test. With my new-found energy, I was very content with the test and my score. In fact, students who take mental breaks during long testing periods score 31% higher than the ones who did not take any breaks. In conclusion, inactivity keeps us enthusiastic about our work. Inactivity serves a purpose because it allows us time for new ideas. For example, one of my friends named Generic_Name once did not go to school for three days. During these three days, she organized her school essentials and cleaned up her room. Since she was working on a project before the break, she had time to finish it, and she even had another project idea for her science class. She obtained a good grade on both projects. In fact, students who have taken breaks during long tests, like the SOL, say that after their break they had a better understanding of the test. Even the workforce workers are encouraged to take a few days off. It helps the worker get more creative. Even the owner of a business need a vacation. In fact, around 56% of entrepreneurs say that they came up with at least one new idea after a vacation. Inactivity helps prepare our minds for when we are active. Inactivity serves a purpose. Inactivity keeps us from throwing in the towel. It gives us a mental break; which, creates time for new ideas. Some believe that inactivity encourages laziness. However, it gives us time to rejuvenate our attitude and our mindset. If we take more breaks, to let our mind wonder, we would be more effective in anything it is we are doing. 