In my opinion Thomas Jefferson wrote a statement that makes people think that, there's people out there who don't accomplish if we are doing something, or we are not doing something. No one is grateful for peoples struggles and hard work they may thank you, but they won't mean it. Imagine being in a world where people thank you for every single thing that makes you feel respected and needed for more work and accomplish what we suffer for, and we do it because of the need of some personal struggles your going through. If humans were different by showing others there help and respectful this world would have make every single thing differently. Some people are accomplished of your hard work, some people never care others people hard work they just say thanks without meaning it and can say stuff behind your back. Although humans think they're doing the right thing, they aren't we should be a world without cruel no one knows how damage a person can be and fake it just because they want to accomplish the work they have to turn in or be finish with because they will know that if they don't finish the work it would be harder for them to get rid of you with your negativity. For example people don't serve Hispanics equally for differences but most of us have but our effort on work hard to earn some cents to take to our family but no one sees that all they do is put their own rude opinion on us. We shouldn't care what others say as long as you know you a great person with a huge heart your good. It would be wonderful how much may be done if we are always accomplishing others people work and being grateful for peoples effort, it would be a great idea if every single person listen to our life story before talking. Can't you imagine how many kids needs our help, and we might see them with some eyes that we think there okay, but they are really not? Humans have the benefit to change and become a different person and accomplish a goal to become someone grateful for little things and make the world a different place with different though. We should take a position to serve people with kindness, respect and give them a hand for there need of help sometimes helping others can make you a great person you can never know one day you will need the help of someone too, and you will feel how much it hurts to not receive help from others or by someone you though would of help you out you should always tell people how grateful you are for having them because they will realize you once helped them, and they will help you out on the need of help, they will serve you as how you will serve them by now on, you can't judge a book by its cover, Thomas Jefferson wrote" Determine never to be idle." and what I think about what that means is that you should not be ungrateful, and you should help others, with simple words that are accomplishments. The studies of Thomas Jefferson old days' history probably were different they did things differently and though different ladies suffer in the old days, now everything is sort of different they accomplish women for the things they do and treat us better than how women were treated back in the days, Thomas Jefferson wants things to be different and probably doesn't want people to do the same mistakes they did in time of history. We should all be a group of good people and do the right things the right way. We can make this world different if we stand up for others and help the world who need help and accomplish them with needs they need and everything would be different and make people think different.