Author Ralph Waldo Emerson wrote a quote that has Inspired me,"To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment". I truly agree with this quote because it demonstrates who you really are by doing hard work, everyone has something to give to the world, and it is important for self-esteem. By doing a lot of hard work and not giving up, it demonstrates to people who you really are, that you are a person who is determined to get where they want to be and who preservers no matter what the challenges are. People may or may not agree with what want you want to do, there are always going to be someone who is going to try to bring you down emotional, physically or mentally, but you have to show them that you are going to be yourself and do what whatever it needs to take to accomplish it. This reminds me of myself because in my senior year of High School I didn't have enough credits in order to graduate that really got my family disappoint that the time I was going to an online school, and it was harder for me to make up for all the classes, but I saw how my own family started to put me down, and it did hurt my feelings, but that used that feeling to pick myself up and work everyday on the classes to be able to graduate on time. This showed people and most importantly it showed me that I'm capable of showing people who I really am by doing handwork. I think everyone has a lot to offer to this world, you never know who will be the next person to discover a cure for an illness that people thought it was terminal. Everyone is capable of doing what there heart desires it just take determination, hard work and desire to accomplish what you want. People should not listen to what other's say it only matters what you know that you can accomplish and that you believe in yourself that is all it takes to became and be where you want to be. My plans after High School is to go to college to become an ultrasound technician. I speak two languages Spanish and English and I believe because I speak two languages fluently I have something to give to the world, to the community and to anyone in need. I know my own family wanted me to be a lawyer to help people with immigration lawsuits and for a while I started to consider following my parents dream of me being a lawyer to make them happy, but my passion for the medical field was bigger and from my knowledge a big percent of pregnant women are Hispanic and as a person who speaks Spanish very well, I think I could help out people who don't know English in order to get the resources they need. Being yourself and showing the world what you are capable of shows the world that you believe in yourself, and it is important for your self-esteem too because it makes you feel good about yourself and most time you're going to be alone doing your own stuff, taking care of your business. You can not always depend on people to get you what you need, to get you where you want to be. I remember when I moved out of my parents house with my son and having my own room, my own space and paying bills made me feel so good about myself. I finally felt like I was doing something for myself because my parents wanted to keep me at home, but I managed to get through everything and anything while living on my own, and It made me more independent person, and it helped me boost my energy and believe in myself. Nevertheless, Author Ralph Waldo Emerson quote "To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment". This quote has reminded that you should truly believe in yourself, be yourself, do hard work, and it will motivate you to be where you want to be. I think this quote has a lot of different meanings and I think it depends on your own personal experiences, and It has honestly helped me a lot through my teenage year and overall my biggest accomplishment was to follow my heart and be who I really want to be in life just like the Ralph Waldo Emerson said. 