Do you want to see a temple made with gold? I am not sure about you, but I want to see it. It is in India (Generic_City). India is a country in Asia. It is the second most populated country in the world. Because of LOCATION_NAME I want to visit there, but this is not the only reason I want to meet my friends and family in India, and I want to enjoy the tasty food, and I also want to see LOCATION_NAME in Generic_City. Firstly, the reason why I want to go to India is because my friends and my family lives there. India is my home country I grew and study there. Family and friends are important. I miss them all. I still remember my last day at school. Did you have that experience that you really like someone, but you have to leave them? It is not good when your family or friend leave you. Next, The problems I face when I come to U.S.A. I had some language problems. I do not want to go to school because I did not have any friends. To sum up, family and friends are important to make sure that you do not feel alone. Secondly, I want to go to India because think Indian street stalls have tasty and spice food. One day, I was in front of supermarket and there was a burger stall called NFC they have the best burgers in the world. After, eating our burger my dad ask for bill and it was so cheap. I love that place if you visit India go and try that place. Finally, I love the taste of Indian street stalls, and they are cheap. Lastly, I want to learn how to dance because every one have their own thing, and I want to proof that if we are different that means we are unique. Secondly, I want to see LOCATION_NAME (Generic_City) and LOCATION_NAME (Generic_City) because it is something different, and it is fun to take pictures. "We all are different and that is beautiful." To conclude, it is fun to see and learn new things. To sum up, I want to visit India because I want to see my friends and family, and I want to taste the delicious food, and I want to see and learn new things. In the future, where you want to visit? Think, if you were on my place would you like to tell them about your country. If people say that,"Your country is not good.'' Then tell them that,'If something have some bad parts it also has something good, that makes it different.'' It can change how people think. ''I want you'' to find the good parts that can surprise them like I ask you have you seen a temple made with real gold?