Imagine someone asking another person whether they should go to a friend's party or to the movies, but he or she told them something like, "It's up to you to decide, not me". That person eventually agrees; but when they finally decide on whether to go to the party or to the movies at the last minute, they end up missing out on both. Sometimes, making decisions on your own can be pretty tough and frustrating, but it helps you become more independent, and you do not have to rely on other people's decisions. People can not depend on other people for what they think all the time. It shows that instead of being progressive with their work or anything else they're doing, that person can not make up their minds or is just being lazy and is always looking for someone else's opinions instead of their own. This also shows that they are not self-reliant or progressive like how most people usually are. Making our own decisions also means following our own instincts. For example, a group of teenagers is planning to skip school to get the beach for the entire day. They try to convince two other of their classmates to join them, but they told them no and that they are going to get in trouble for missing out on their classes. Trusting our instincts can be very helpful when it comes to things like skipping school, alcohol, or even having sex with someone. It can maybe even save your life or someone else's in the future. It also helps people become more independent on their own. People can not always depend on their parents for the rest of their lives, they will have to move out of the home they grow up in to start looking for jobs and earning to support themselves. Another example is when a teenager starts applying for colleges that they want to go once they graduate from high school. They probably have been told that college will help them get ready for when they are ready to get a full-time job (which also has to be something they want to do for a long period of time), pay taxes and bills for when they have a house or apartment to live in, and maybe even take care of their families. People should make their own decisions because they can not always depend on other people's opinions, they should follow their own instincts that can probably save their lives one day, and it helps them become more independent to get ready for the future.  