I think my preference is working with a group have more benefits with the working alone with myself. Because working with a group is better have more ideas about of projects, every vary collaborate with the work making all together not distracting with the other students, and all in the group help with the ideas, what work need for the project, what talk about in the work, or what type of project made, what are doing the teacher said with the work. Need stand enforces all in the group for making the best work together, and make the nice grade for the group some students in the group don't have the perfect score but is the opportunity for the make change of the grades and working with a group, and someone not sustains what do you do try to the express the ideas and collaborate with all the group and working in one thing, what talk about in the project or the work in the class or need help can to help to what type of expression need more learn in the working with a group. Sometimes working with a group all have ideas, what are doing first, who make the tittle of the work, of who have the perfect idea of present ate the work or explain with the group what is the best are doing in talk about of the work and projects. When some students working alone is more complicate for sustain with take the best idea sometimes don't like what are doing with the work. But when the students working together with a group I feel more benefits. Because when take one best decision some students said I like this idea or the others. Some students like work with other students or not someone is quit not like express the idea or like only with self for example; Working with a group is more benefits work you can express your ideas for making the best work in the class or best in the other students group some many students when make working alone sometimes catch good score or bad these students don't put penitential in the class or distracting with cellphone or other things. When making work with a group others explain what are doing, what the teacher explain in the class what type of work make or project. Working with a group all students feels more benefits for take the good grade for the make all together the nice job: However working in group is try the express the best idea in the group try help other, and one give the best example or make change the students in the group have the best grade to coming up someone students don't turn in the work this is affect the grades this is time to the change the grades for all sustain as making or learn more about what the teacher explain in the class for every vary pass the class.  