Technology has been a perfect source of information for the past years people find technology the best way to communicate, relax, plan, search stuff by using the internet. Ordering food online it's a normal thing nowadays, people rarely go out to eat because of the food service, this is keeping humanity from doing any physical activity but it's way easier to get something done. This can improve human society in many ways by making life more easy, even kids nowadays are using different sources to find something fun to do or watch for example on the platform YouTube kids can find toys reviews or cartoons which its fine, but that's also keeping them from playing outside. There are a lot of problems in society now days one of them is fiber bullying, this can drive to many problems some people take it too seriously and that can start an argument, and some people can feel offended for other people opinions this can cause a big impact in those who are really sensitive in fact there are many cases when this drives them to commit suicide, for unlimited reason people get bullied every day but it's our decisions how you can take the response. The best way to avoid fiber bullying is by not paying attention to whatever the other person has to say and walk away, focus on yourself and don't look back that's how life works. In multiple situations kids enjoy watching something onliner than playing outside, but kids are not the only one who are being affected by these problems adults are also in the similar problem. My family orders food every night without going out of the house, and it's becoming a problem because there's no effort in that. By not doing any physical activity the body starts gaining weight, and it can be critical if the person does nothing to stop it, by simply doing more outside activities people can get a better chance to experience more things in life as going to beach, play a sport that you haven't played before or going out shopping that's can be life changing for some people including my community. Mobile devices are improving in an incredible speed in the past five years, nowadays, it's way easier to find a place by using the GPS on a mobile device, this can also allow people from other countries to contact relatives from another country by making a simple phone call or a text. But this can be really expensive for some people a decent plan of data can cost up to fifty dollars per month, that's more money than it should be, but somehow people are addicted to this. Phone updates can also help in many ways in your life Apple realized the group FaceTime not too long ago now up to four people can talk at the same time no matter where they live, this can help the plans for your future a busses project a wedding or a party this is life changing, this is the future.