People don't have own decision because they like decision for others person? People like decision for other person because they have more experience for there future. Some people need to go guide for talk to counselor because they need someone to have confidently with that person. Example: people have to make good decision and confidently they live. Old people have to make they own ideas because is help own ideas because they are older, and they have more experience from his heavy?they have to make ideas with own life because is important to make own ideas because is help in the future. People have to do ideas with own life because in the future when they have own family, and they have experience from they parent. Example: parent have to make decisions for they son and daughter for they have good future and they live. Some people have good decision is because they confidently with own life?people who make good decision is because they confidently with own life and experience when they are young. Some people when they are young have good decision because they think first to have one or two decision, or they ask they pedant from what opinion for that decision they have. Example: When we are young we make good decision for future but with the advice of the parent. They have lesson for make good decision for having good life?because people have many lessons for they future and they live, but they have one counselor for they can talk any day they can go with counselor to they can make good decision or the can talk about life or problem.because they have to trust life for decision and make good ideas for they live. Example: People have to trust more and they live for having good lesson and good decision. I am agree people need to make good decisions, and they need to have good ideas for they live they need to have counselor for they can talk when people need to talk because some people need to have experience for they live and they future sometime people can mot make good decisions, and they need to talk with other person who have confidently for his can make that decision his have and his mind, and they need to change the good decision with other person for they can think about that decision some people take some position for make good ideas for change they live or future that more important and they live is matters what they think for having good family and they live. I agree with this because some people have a lot problem and they live people, and they can not make good ideas and good decision i understand that because when we have problem and life is difficult to make good decision and make ideas some student have good decision, and they make a lot thing for they can help and they live because they think they want good future for they live, and they want to make good ideas for they live because they want parent happy about good decision they have and they live because that ideas they have is more different of other student have good ides.  