A problem Is a chance for you to do your best. Did you know that problems are a chance for you to do your best? Problems builds up strength on you. They also show you to not repeat the past. Hard times like problems help you to keep your head up and never give up on a hard war. A problem is a chance for you to do your best. My problems opened up so many chances for me to do my best in life. Problems will always have a chance for you, so you can do better in your life. Never lose that one chance in life. Those chances will not come back, and you will regret not taking the chances. I took a chance to live with my mom, and now I am happy with her. Hard problems make you build up strength on yourself. When my father abandoned me and my sisters, it builds up strength on me and my sisters because, we had to learn that are father is not always going to be there when we want him to be there, and we have learned that we don't need a father for everything, and we can do it by ourself. I can't lie I really miss him and I really wish I could give him a big hug. All that is left are the good memories I made with him. I will never forget him and will always love him because he is my father. All the tears I have cried over him have build up strength on me and thought me to never give up and keep fighting even if it is hard for me. Hard issues show you to not repeat the past and do better than the past. My hard problems have showed me to not repeat the past and to do better than the past because, I would always try to give up on everything and always put a negative thinking to my problems. This has showed me when you try to give up you are showing yourself and others that you are weak and can't Handel it. It has also showed me to never put a negative thinking and put a positive thinking, because if you but a negative thinking everything could come up negative, and you will always try to give up if everything comes out negative. Always put a positive thinking and everything will come out positive, and you will feel motivated to keep fighting. Really hard problems help you keep your head up and learn to never give up on a really hard war. When my father was so mean to me, I would always put my head up and not let the mean words get me down. To never give up and show him and the haters that I am stronger and better. When I cried because my mom was not with me and my father would not let me see her that show me that my head was up all ready because I fought to be with her. I have turned all my haters into my motivators, because I wanted to show them that I can do it. Always keep your head up high and never down because, keeping it down won't help at all. A problem is a chance for you to do your best. They are also helpful for you in your life because, they make you strong, so when you have another problem it won't hurt you as much. Never give up of your problems, whatever problem you or your family are going through never give up, because if you give up you won't be able to go to the past and change up everything that you gave up on. All this hater will always want to see you crying, mad, and sad, and they also want you to feel like a big losses, all those haters turn them into your motivators, don't let them put you down. Stay strong and never forget that you are better, and stronger than that problem. Never feel bad that you showed the haters that you can do it. Always have a smile on you face, my mother told me ''even if you are upset always have a smile because, you have to smile to the hard world you are in." That's why I agree that a problem is a chance for you to do your best.  