Many people have been told about the fact that the students should know the career they want in high school and learn about it. Therefore, many societies around the world, are expected to provide help to the students to find the career they want to study by the time they enter high school. In fact, many schools select the courses for the students based on the career the students choose. In addition, many schools think that the students should be young when they think about the career they want, just to make sure that they will not change their minds in the future. So, it is a good idea to commit to a career at a young age. Based on that, students will have time to prepare themselves to be ready for the career they choose. Students will be able to make sure that the career they choose is good for them. If students are prepared at a young age for the career they want, then they will be able to enjoy it. For example, I want to study interior design, therefore, I have to take art classes to learn about colors and how to combine them. If students choose their career at a young age, they will be more prepare and have better results while complete their life goals, because life goals are very important to have a good life's quality. Also, students will be able to see if they like the career they choose. It should be a good idea for students to know themselves and what they like, because it is unpleasant when a person have to study what the parents want him or her to study just because they could not have done what they wanted to do. So if the schools support students to find the perfect career for them, then this disagreeable situation will stop. In many cases, people that had to choose a wrong career have to deal with an unhappy life, because they do not feel well in their jobs. Once again, if students have the school's support, they will be able to find the perfect career for them. In addition, students will learn about the career and how it works. It might not be noticeable for people the fact that nothing is how it seems, some careers might seem to be easy and be hard, or the opposite, the career might seem to be hard and be really easy. For example, it is easy to judge a lawyer when he does not win a case, but we have no idea how hard the work he did can be. In my 19 years in this world, I learned that nothing is as easy as we want it to be, but if we search information about what we want to do for life, we will be happier, that is a fact. Schools should require an essay in which students can write about what they like and what skills they have. So, students should know what they want and what they are good in. If students learn about the career they want they will have the opportunity to be great professionals. If the students start learning about the career they want at a young age, then they will have plenty of time to prepare themselves mental and physically for their future career. Also, students will be able to see if they like the career they choose, so they do not regret it in the future. And last but not least, students will have time to learn how the careers work, so they will have many ideas of how to complete them. In conclusion, it is a great idea for students to commit to a career at a young age by the time they enter high school.