Do we accomplish more if we are always doing something or dose inactive server a purpose? Severing a purpose would be more better than if inactive because you're not doing anything to accomplish something. In my opinion we accomplish more if we are doing something because we can accomplish something we always we wanted to do also we can learn something new, but some would argue inactive servers a purpose because you won't make any mistake if you fail on doing things. We can accomplish something we wanted to do by facing our fear and by doing that we can face a stage fight fear and a high fear by making them face them. Also we can accomplish something and learn something about our self, and by doing that we can see what we don't like and what we do like. In conclusion, you can accomplish something you want to do by facing them or by learning something about yourself we can accomplish learning something, we can learn new skills for our everyday life like, learning how to cook new dishes, fishing, and learning a new language this can be helpful to meeting new people. Also learning how to be a better person of yourself or being better to other people by doing this you can make new friends or feel more confident about yourself. In conclusion learning new skill and improving our self is a good way to accomplish something some would argue and say inactivity servers no purpose for example you can not take the chance of doing something if you don't want to. For example, you can learn how to ride a bike, but you feel uncomfortable you can decide not do it. Sure inactivity servers a purpose however it can be a safe call if you don't want to take the risk. But sometimes it can lead to regret and having doubt.in conclusion if we accomplish more if we are always doing something, we can accomplish something we wanted to do by facing our fears, and also we can accomplish by learning something and something about our self. But some would argue that inactivity servers a purpose to be more caution about what we do. Final it's better to go out and explore about yourself and see what accomplishment you can find and what you can do to your life. Also we accomplish more by doing something instead of doing nothing.