Generic_Namesake of Virginia03/19/2019Don't matter if we are young, we can learn everything. Some people think that the students can not identify a career by the time they enter to high school. Two years ago when I entered to high schools was not sure what I want to be. Now, I know what I want to be, but that is thanks to my school that they have many ideas how we can identify a career. The last year I was in Internship class that was great because they give me the opportunity to get a job. The job was about secretary I was in love with this job; however, was not easy to learn, but I liked. I would like to be a secretary. It is a good idea for students to commit to a career at a young age because we can mature our mind, develop our skills, and develop our passions. We are students of high school, and we can identify a career and more many things. To begin, When we learn about career we can start to mature our minds. Students in high school get experiences learn about how they can find a job. In Generic_School my school, we have Internship class. This class consist of help students to find a job, and they can see how to work in the community. Students develop their emotional knowledge; also, we start to proceed as adult. We learn that the work is a big responsibility. That's why we have to start to know about careers in high school. It is so important to identify what we want to do when we grow-up. Additionally, develop our skills is a great idea that can help us. Many students learn many languages this is a great skill because we can travel everywhere, communicate with other people, know other cultures; also, if we speak different languages we can earn more money, get a better job. We can develop many skills if we want. Just we need to try. If we want a great career we need to put in practice the discipline. We can do everything what we want because we are intelligent, positives,and great students. Keep going because that is the only way that we have. Lastly, When we develop our passions we can get a good career. If we have something that would like to be for example: doctors, secretary, actors, or nurse whatever we want. I would like to say go head! We can do it. The life is a challenge if we don't try we can never get a good career. First step we need to face our fears. Second step we need to put all our efforts every day. Students in high school need to know these two steps. Students have all the capacity to learn everything, so let's go to do it. To summarize, all the students should identify a career in high school. Students develop their emotional knowledge; also, we start to proceed as adult. Many students learn many languages this is a great skill because we can travel everywhere, communicate with other people, know other cultures; also, if we speak different languages we can earn more money, get a better job. Develop our skills is so important. The life is a challenge if we don't try we can never get a good career. Is for these reasons and many others that students should identify a career in high school.