Yes, I agree with that . Because it's true the can show the act of our felling in these three words .1. Be anxious2. Felling 3. Not to Belief they are self...1. Be anxious .in the world 99% of population they have a lot of staff going on in they are idea or concept, to how to do they are work, how to do they are staff, and how to do they are problem self., and they have lot of pressures on the thought. An effect feeling or image retained after an experience. A mark produced on a surface by pressure and the can show the felling they have. The did not seeing they are felling because they are sedition they are fell and they don't want to tell anyone and they are worry about it .that why they can not change they are life .2. Felling. . All the copies of the publication printed at one time from the same set of type. Some people did not show they are felling. they are state of being with they are self and the can exp lean what they have wane what they have need to do in live the are confuse for anything and they are shyer for that to tell anyone. Same time the are thinks if the do sorting wrong it’s never gonna right and never going to right.3. Not to Belief they are self. Sometime the not blivet or respect they are self and they are urgent to someone else to do they are work and the can impressions they are felling. sometimes the sending a person to do sorting for it .like they are sending the person to giving for something they are need it because the shameful to something by they are self. And they are can not do the staff the. In the life everything in impossible we can do anything in live we can do the best we can go the way we want to go. Over time everything is going to change the live, the friends, the staff, the feeling. The every secant. Don't be shay for satin you really when it or need it you can not Chang you can not be the beast you never be perfect in the live. Be perfect in live if you not make your miss times you can not be perfect in the fetcher. If you take the right way you be the best in the all live take the good position and do good live without any impressions fell ...... 