People are scare to make their own decisions, some of them when they have a conflict or a problem in their life, most probable ask an expert like psychology to help or to they can give them advice. I agree that each people with self-reliance follow they own instinct and ideas that matters if the make at mistake, and do not care what the other people can say about you. People need to take they own decisions. Many people are scare to make their own decision and went this happened they decide to ask somebody else like a psychology to help in their own problems, in my opinion this it is wrong because it is your life, you need to care no somebody else. In my case sometime I have a problem when I want to take a decision in my life, but in my opinion this is good because I care about my self and always I want to do everything good. Young people are scare to make they own decision and this is understanding, some of the people they do not follow their instincts and ideas, this means that sometime they take somebody else ideas. People always have a conflict to believe in their self. Many people do not believe and also do not trust they instincts and ideas, this happened went that person always take a decision but that decision it is a mistake. Or sometimes they care what the other people say about them, for these reasons I think they have a conflict, and they are scare. People with a self-reliance. People with reliance believe in they self, they take a decision without any problems, and also they do not ask for helps. This people when they decide to take action or give a idea they do not scare what the people can say about my decision. Many people have problems when they have to take any decision in theirs life, almost all the time is because they care what they people can say about them. In conclusion, people do not need to care about what the people say or think about their life, it is your life you decide how you want to enjoy it. That matters if is with mistake, Some people are scare to make their own decisions, some of them ask for help or any advice. all persons need to trust in self and instincts.