I disagree with what John Lubbock said "Your character will be what you yourself choose to make it." I strongly disagree because we are influenced by the people we hang out with. Like for example in America we have different accents all around the map and that's because the people near us influence one another. They influence one another by sharing cultures and beliefs. For example in Louisiana they have Martina, but it did not originate in Louisiana, in New York they have a lot of Italian people, and we all enjoy eating ethic food such as Chinese food, tacos, popular, Italian food. All of those things influenced Americans and their traditions and customs which impacts their morals. As we all know everyone has morals, but those morals are influenced by people, such as our friends, family, teachers and coworkers. One's morals have a big role in character. I would even say it's the biggest factor in what build spur character. A persons moral is what tells them what is right and what is wrong, what they should do or what they should not do, whether to pick option A or option B. Morals are a part of someone's character, It's what builds their character. For example if someone's morals aren't made up, and they do not know what is good and bad then their character might need some work. I get where Mr. Lubbock gets the idea of "Your character will be what you yourself choose to make it" but I also think that social class has a lot to do with your character. I think that the different social groups have a variety of character building factors. Furthermore, I believe this because for example a person that only makes 20 grand a year has a lot more struggles than a person that makes 100 grand a year and those struggles impact one's character. In conclusion, I disagree with John Lubbock because I believe morals, social class and people around us influence our character. I believe all those factors play a major role on who we are because it is human nature to adapt to surroundings. 