Has there been anyone in your life that shared any wisdom or experience with you? If not, why not ask someone that is important to you? They would love to share maybe a dad, mom, grandparents they have tones of experience in the past. A person who has shared wisdom or experience with me would be my father, because he has showed me how to be respectful to adults and show me how to work some business papers. One thing that my father had shared with me is how to respect adults. For example, my father wasn't always the best child. He would do bad choices like going out with his friends all the time and not listen to these parents. But as he got older he realized no one though he was serious and rejected him. They thought he was trouble child, Soon when I was born, and when I was able to talk and walk my. My father would make me say please and thank you. As well as listening to the adults, bow when entering a door and greeting them. My father did not want me to me like him when he was younger, so he made sure I was respectful to my grandparents. This shows that my father gave me some experience to get respected into the family. Another thing that my father has shared with me is how to work at a business. For instance for the past few months my father has showed me how to do paper work at his second job. My dad has to count the money that he was getting and how much to give back the workers. So a few times my dad would come into my room and teach me how to split the money they were making and pay the bills. Those days he showed me how much money everything is, and made me realized that I need to work very hard because if I want a simple job that I don't do much that gave a job that can pay my bills I need to work hard in school. This shows that my father really cares about my future and want me to do well in life and showed me some wisdom in of how hard like will be if I don't do well in school. In closing my father taught me how to do business and how to process one because I want to do business. In conclusion a person who has showed me wisdom and experience would be my father by teaching me to respect adult and how to do paper work at his job. H+e had showed me by telling about his past and show how to manage a business when I am older. So what are some people that is important to you that has shared wisdom and experience? Or what experience and wisdom would you share to people other people?  