It is a good idea for students to finish high school in three years and enter college. Some students want to graduate earlier than other students. There are some reasons that students have to graduate early. Some reasons are: they want to finish high school to earn money to go to college, to take some vacations to pass time with family, also if you are a Hispanic person, you're older, and you have responsibilities, you want to get a good job with a high school diploma, if you just want to graduate early, and if you are a great student with all that you need, you can graduate early. The student's graduation is basic in what they need and want. Some students do hard work one year early to graduate from high school. For example, if a student is 16 years old, and the student is in eleven grade, the student do not have enough credits, or don't have what the student need to graduate, the student is not going to graduate from high school. But also there are students that they have all what they need to graduate, and they can graduate early. A low percentage of students have a job, responsibilities after school, or activities to do. Schools offer many activities that students can do after school, also students stay after school to retake quiz or get help from a teacher. If a student need to graduate early for any reason, the student need to work hard, and get all what the student need to graduate. Also, the student have to do extra work. For example, if the student don't understand any subject, the student have to stay after school, and get help from a teacher to pass the subject and get the credits. One disadvantage that the student can have is that if the students have a job after school, the student can get tired from high school and his/her job. And the student can stop to do what the student need to graduate. The student have to make an effort to graduate early. Some school offer programs that allow high school students to graduate in three years. Some programs are in summer, in the evening. Those programs help students to finish high school, it's an easy way to get credits in a short period time. The minimum of students is not able to be into there type of programs. One of the reason can be that the student work in summer. If the students are not able to be in the programs, they have another opportunity, they can take courses online. In conclusion, it is a good idea for students to finish high school in three years and enter to college, but have advantage and disadvantages. One advantage are that some school offers programs or students can take courses online, that can help students to graduate. One disadvantage is that, students can get tired, they to do hard work, if they want to graduate early. Students that want to graduate in three years and enter college, some students have a job after school to earn money to college. All depends on the student, if the student do all the work, the student is going to graduate but, if the student don't do the work, the student is not going to graduate.