Should students graduate earlier from high school? Graduation earlier have been the choice that a lot of students on make on their lives. They may feel over-confident when they are clear about what are their accomplishments and the things that they have to do to reach it. It is not that easy as it sounds because they need to prepared themselves and notify that it will be difficult to reach their goals. However, at the end they will see that was for a good and valuable things for their lives. They might, will need to work hard and feel like to exceed themselves. It is good idea to graduate earlier because students will have the opportunity to find a job after they graduate and earn money then later they can start going college, they will be more productive in society, and they will develop their skills and knowledge. Students that graduate earlier need to have enthusiasm and know that they will have a more difficult life and realize that they will have more responsibilities and duties in society, when they are out of school they should take that as an advantage to use their time wisely and help themselves by trying to find a job and earn some money; if they are taking the decision to go to college in few years. It is hard to find a job when the time pass, and they did not practice all the things that they learn in the past and then realize that they should do sometime productive same as when they were in high school before they graduate. In addition, they will be helping their parents same as they did it when they were in school, by supporting and care about of them, they will be contributing in home and society. Also, they will have others accomplishments that they might want to reach it and celebrate with their families and make them feel proud and happy of their goals. Understanding that all the things that they did are for having good benefits and others people will use as good thing to defend or help themselves. Finally, all students have the same capacity to show up and do the right things, after they graduate they have the opportunity to find a job and demonstrate how to develop their skills and knowledge. Staying positive and knowing that they can do great and specials things will make them feel proud of their works, and then they will prove that they can do amazing things like everybody does. Providing high qualities of themselves in a workplace can help them to know and find new information about what things are happening in the world that round them. Students should be thinking what they want to do in their future or after high school since when they are growing up because that will help them to clear their minds and thoughts. Working hard and doing it with enthusiasm that is how they will be success in their future. Earning money by working honestly later that will be a big step to start a career in college, helping people and communities will make them feel more productive and helping their attitudes to stay confident, brave, and strong all the time with themselves, demonstrating their abilities and capacities is how they will be success in their futures lives.