In this new year that we are now there are thousands of enjoyable and educational activities. They can be fun because you get to do a lot of things with them. These activities should be done because they are very fun. An activity can be fun is like playing a sport there area lot of sports out there that can be fun and aggressive but It's exciting to play a sport because you get to go on trips, and you get to verse other teams or with only one player. You get to even become a professional player played soccer for about two years and now I am good at it. Before in elementary school I used to be bad at it and used to say "I'm bad at this" or ill say "I'm not good at it" but then I entered a summer soccer program every evening or in the day I would go to a school, and we would go to a soccer field. NI really loved that activity because you learn more and become good at it. Another activity that can be fun and cool and enjoyable is playing an instrument. It is fun because I used to play an instrument the last three years, and it was fun because you get to go to trips. Last year me and my friends went to Generic_City. We went with the orchestra class, band, and even chores. It was fun. And It's nice to play an instrument because you have a lot of options to choose from, and you even get to play nice soothing music or loud and extreme. And the fun part is that you get to be in a stage with your friends and play music in front of the audience. Another enjoyable activity is chemistry its fun because you get to mix different chemicals to objects or chemical to chemical. My science class and I will be doing it this year I am happy to do it became I never mixed chemicals or never put on science goggles. I cant wait to do it this year we will be doing chemistry in April. Mixing chemicals can be hard and scary because what happens if you mix the chemicals and something happens in chemistry you have to be very careful with what chemicals are you mixing together. I am very happy because you have thousands or hundred of activities to choose from because there area lot of people who are looking for a good and fun activity. So I recommend you to go look for an activity that fits you right and that enjoyable and educational.