Cell phone should be allowed in classroomCell phone are very useful in our daily life, we use them at home to see our social media and to be in contact with our family and friends that are far away from us, to buy thing, at work for any emergency and to make our shop list, but in a classroom maybe not much. Although, Some people believe that the cell phones shouldn't be allowed in classroom. Actually, I think that cell phone should be allowed in classroom because it allows students to find information fast about what they need, and they can write note on their cellphone that they can read at any time they want. Some people that believe that cellphones shouldn't be allowed in classroom have their reasons. They think that students that use their cell phone in classroom don't pay attention at what the teacher is teaching them and that could be something that might help them in the future, and they think that it is really disrespectful for the teacher that the students use their cell phone during class while he is talking. Also, they think that student might use their cell phone to cheat during a test. Cellphone allow students to find any information fast about what they need for the class or group project. A school computer sometimes takes a several moments to log in. Waiting for the computer to log is really stressful because we might not have much in class and many students work after schools, so they might not have time to finish it at home. Also help students that are new in this country and that do not know English. They can translate any word they don't know in English. This way students learn more English and faster. The students can use their cell phone to write notes on their cell phone that they can read at any time they want because students are often using their cell phone. Students might in their work, in their friend's house, walking home or anywhere else, and they just need to take out their cell phone. Also, students they can study for a test anywhere they go at any time they want to because they always have their cell phone with them. In conclusion, the students should be allowed to use their cellphone in classroom because it allows students to find information fast about what they need and they instead of using a computer or dictionary can write note on their cellphone that they can read at any time they want and wherever they go. 