A British naturalist and politician John Lubbock wrote "Do you think that we choose our own character traits, or is our character formed by influences beyond our control?". Well some people believe we choose our own character traits or influences by our control. Other people don't agree that we choose our own character traits, or is our character formed by influences beyond our control. I think that we choose our character traits, or our character is formed by influences beyond our control because we're doing things that maybe enjoy doing, or we get to choose what we want to be. And I am going to talk about this and why I agree on this. I Agree that we get to choose our character traits or formed by influences beyond our control because you get to do anything when it comes to you becoming what you want to be. Another reason is that no one can control you on how you should be later on in the future. I also think that doing the things you like to do would change you for example, helping people that are in need will make you a better person because you're controlling yourself on what you are doing. Another example is that if you're doing bad things, it would make you a bad person because of your actions. That's why people think we change our character traits by choosing our own or formed by influences from our controls. Other people don't agree that we can change our own character traits or formed by influences from our controls because they think it cannot change their own character traits from the actions they do. Also, many doesn't believe that doing what they want to do won't change them later on in the future. Another reason is because they don't believe that we cannot choose our own character traits and that it should only be 1 trait about yourself. For example doing something positive wouldn't affect them because they can easily change and do something negative later in the future. Last thing is that they don't think we get to choose our own traits and basically say that we are born the way we are without changing our character traits. This makes me think if people who doesn't believe that they can change their character traits or controlling their influences can be a bad thing for them. The reason why I think it's a bad thing is because they don't think they can't change the way they act with actions they do normally. For example, they think doing positive actions would not change their character traits. Changing your character traits can make you a better person because of the positivity you are spreading. If you spread positivity or have a good mindset could change your character traits. So in this essay I believe that people can change their character traits or formed by influences beyond our control. I say this because you can choose what you want to be or act later on in life. Another reason is any actions people can do also makes them change their character traits. This is very good if you treat others with respect; you will be a positive person. This will also help you in life because if you think down you wouldn't be motivated, but you can change that by doing something nice to yourself or to someone. That will give you a good mindset and want to do it more often if it helps you feel motivated by making someone's day.