I would play basketball for the school because you get to play against other teams in other different schools. Also, your friends can watch you play. Playing basketball for the school is a good thing, for an example:You're getting sponsored, you get to participate in activities like drills, and you get to play against teams from other county schools. If you make it to the basketball team you have to be healthy because high school is different how you play from different other leagues, and also you have to work out a'lot to get in a good shape, so you can have a higher advantage on driving a lane or shooting a three on you opponents while playing basketball. One important thing is that you have to listen to your coach and have good sportsmanship because if you do, then you will have a perfect team to win the championship game because if you do good college coaches might scout and look for good players that knows how to handle the ball and play defense, so they can prevent the other team from scoring. If you do perfect on both of those things then you might have a good advantage that college coaches might pick you to be on the team. My second favorite sport that I would choose would be football because in my personal opinion football is the best sport because you get to tackle people. If you participate in football for your school you have to go training because there will be defensive and offensive coaches that will be there to train, so you can get on the team for high school football. In training, you would do dead lifts, hills,drills, weigh lifting, and scrimmages. You have to do those things because that's what coaches want to see, they want to see their players train hard because the players want to make the coaches know that they will work and train hard to make the team. Finally, the best sport to choose would be football because it is a very aggressive sport and also the sport is very hard, and you have to be a lucky person to make it to the NFL. This will be a very hard thing because you also have to do good school but if you don't the coaches might think about cutting you out of the team because they want your grades to be perfect. If you make it to college, and you do good, you can be the luckiest people to be invited ti the NFL combine. But if you don't like football just pick basketball because it doesn't really matter what sport you want to choose to play for your school.  