I agree with the Author Emerson wrote, "To be yourself in a word that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment", because the most important in this world is to be yourself. To be yourself is to make you unique and different for the others. Some of the things is important to be yourself is: To be yourself, to achieve goals by yourself, and don't let others people tell you to be different. The first is to be yourself. Some people things if you don't be yourself is to make you successful in their life, but the case is not that. To be yourself is make the people in your work, family, and friends see the real person you are. In my case when I came in the United States, I don't like to be myself because I was a little scared the kind of people was here. Every time people talk to me, they look me different. After we finished the conversation I feel bad because I know was not me. One afternoon my mom talk me," You need to be yourself, because inside you heart, you are a sweet person, beautiful, and you love to help people." At that moment I changed my life and the way I look people. The second things are to achieve goals by yourself is motivated you to continue to do the right choices, and the things right. To be yourself had more opportunities for work, universities, and scholarship. To be yourself don't only implicate be a good person or help people, is to implicate say the truth, the things you think, and never lie to others people. To achieve your goals and objective is make proud of yourself in this world completely of opportunities. For examples, my sister for her dedication, and to be herself, so right now she is in college. To be herself, she achieves their goals and dreams, and she's always saying the truth. The third things what is important is don't let other people tell you to be different. If always to be yourself, you be always successful in life. Some people say you needs to change because they are jealous, or they don't like you. Whose say you needs to change is because they want the bad things for you. In my case, I don't remember very well, but one person say to me that," I need to change my personality." In that same afternoon I go to tell my mom what this person say to me, and what my mom say to me was," Don't let any person to over shine the light you had." In my conclusion, I feel this is very important for all people need to reflect, in this life the most important things is be yourself don't matter what. They are three things that one person never forget is to be yourself, to achieve goals by yourself, and don't let other people tell you to be different. If you let people do what ever they want with you life, you be never successful in life.