Playing an instrument is fun because it can a hobby for the people who are just starting. For example, A piano is used for many types of music. Such as Smooth jazz, Rock, Orchestra, Rap and much more. Piano requires a great amount of practice and knowing all the keys to create a good music at a play with the audience amused. Professional piano players gets most people's attention by knowing the right keys for the music that the piano players are playing. In addition, There are many tutorials of how to play the piano and learning the right key on social media to begin or improve your piano skills, due to technology. As a result, Pianos has been used frequently in the 1960s for music and people still listen to it every day in the radio in their automobile. But sometimes Smooth jazz with a piano in the background is played at a café and restaurants to relief the stress that people are having in their personal lives. But there are way more instruments than just the piano. A saxophone is fun to use and its kind of similar to a piano according to the similarity of what music types the instrument is used on, except for rock, rap, and maybe orchestra. The saxophone is famously known by smooth jazz, jazz, and night jazz and night jazz are commonly used in New York cafés at night and other states. Next, the saxophone is similar to a trumpet, trombone, and tuba by blowing on the top part of the saxophone and at the same time using your both of your hands to make a rhythm. However, an electric piano has more than 20 buttons of instruments to choose from. It has guitar, trumpet, flute, clarinet, and even a saxophone for a different sound for the keys just for the people who want to change their style. In addition, Saxophones can be taught in music class in middle school, high school, or just a music school in general. It takes a couple of years to practice for beginners or a couple of months to practice a new music for experts. But if you master a saxophone, that's where the fun part starts. You can create relaxing jazz instrumentals for people to listen to for meditation and stress relieving. And you can also be well known for doing those kinds of stuff. But, there is a last instrument that is really famous and also really fun to use. There are different types of guitars to choose from dealing with music. The acoustic guitar is one of the most calm sounding guitars in the world because it is used to make sad music and also relaxing. This guitar is fun to use by learning how to know which strings you should use first in order to make a good song or music with an acoustic guitar in the background. Next, the distorted guitar is mostly well known by rock and heavy metal. These guitars need to be plugged on an amplifier for it to work, and they are loud. But that's what heavy metal fans like such as Intensity. The clean guitar is mostly used for country music and soft rock. This is another type of guitar that people really like the rhythm and can listen to it nonstop. These three types of guitars are very different and attracts people's taste of music because some people are different.