The author Waldo Emerson wrote a statement or quote that it say, "Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow" basing on my point of view or experiences, I agree with him, I think the same, we will never grow if we keep doing the something that we already mastered. I'm taking this position on this issue because I have my reason to support my position and to explain why this author is right. First reason is on point of view if you're already mastered in something, and your keep doing it, to be better or go beyond then my opinion is that you're wasting your time on something unnecessary because you're already mastered, just be happy with what you have and knows a sample are theChildrens they always wanna something if they have it they want more and more or when they are playing they wanna play possible the all day when they realize the day is already gone, but they don't care because they think that they have enough time to play, so it is the same with us. Sometimes we want to be betters than another people or just feel good, but we're wasting our time in something that we already mastered. Secondly the author Emerson show us the true in a quote we can stop doing something that we already mastered we could try to do something else or try to learn something new that can help us in the future of that way we can start growing because we start to learn about different things, so we have more knowledge, and we can survive, and we can realize or knows how the life looks like. A sample to be a boss you need to know or have more knowledge at less than yours employs or to be manager you have to know many things.Finally, unless you try to do it better or be better than the rest of the people always is going to be someone else who is better than you then that time you're wasting doing something beyond than you knows, use it to teach someone else or learn about some else how to be better in something, teaching someone else or learning from someone else you can start to grow. An example is an old brother he learns about his parents and also teach and care his youngest brother of the way he is starting to growing up because his taking a responsibility. The example can show us that we need to about experiences or advices or people who have more knowledge of that way. In conclusion for these reason and supporting with examples that I wrote, I agree and think the same with The author Waldo Emerson, I took this position because If we try to do something beyond what we already mastered, we will never grow. Also, we're wasting our time, and could use that time to learn from someone something else what we do not know or teach to someone else about our knowledge. What we can help us to grow or be better in the future concluding I agree with Emerson's statement.