Do you think failure is a good thing or bad thing? Well, what a British prime minster ones said"success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm". Some people may think this is bad thinking because of how hard you try, but you have no success at the end. Yes, i agree with the statement about the important role that failure plays in the pursuit of success because of these three reasons, failure makes me better than I was at first, never giving up without motivation, and be able to overcome that obstacle that I work so hard for. My first reason, of why failure is a good thing because it makes everybody better at what they started with. For example, when I first started learning how to ride a long board I was very afraid that I would fall and hurt myself. At first i really terrible and failed over and over again. Until one day my friend came over my house and showed him how I would do it. But once again I fell off my long board crazy like. Then my friend started to laugh but in a funny way, so I also stared to laugh too. I ask him why he laughs at me, he told me" I remember at was like you when I stared to learned long board". He also told me he was really proud of me not giving up and failing. What I understood of what he was trying to tell me is that failure can make me better from having that kind of enthusiasm in my spirit. Related back to my first reason is that not just giving up, but having a motivation every time I do anything to keep going. In order to have that kind of motivation of getting out of bed and doing what you want to accomplish at the end of the day is looking up to someone who helps you get to work or hustle I can say. For example, famous people who did or was successful in life like Bill Gates who found the gold rush, Arnold the best body builder of all time, and Stan Lee who invited the marvel universe. All these people was in our shoes before they became famous. They can motivate us by what people probably said to them like "no" or "it can not be done". They did not listen to adorers Sayers would though that would never happen. My final reason of why failure is a good thing is to overcome any obstacle that can get in your way. For example, the time when I was fifteen years old I had a problem with one of my classes in school where I had to learn to stay away from people who were not good influence on me. At first, they looked like good people, but when I started to notice that they were hiding something from me, I was really cur rouse what was it about. Until one day I was with my best friend in his room just chilling and later on he showed me on his phone what i never thought they would do. I was really disappointed what they were doing beyond my back. So on that day I had to overcome my obstacle of not making friends with anybody who looks nice or their appraise. In conclusion I do agree with the British prime mister Winston Churchill quote that says "success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm". Because of these three reasons failure makes everybody better, never giving up without motivation, and lastly over coming any obstacle that can be on road to success. Something that I always believed in is "no pain, no gain".  