How do you want people to see you as a good or a bad person? In my personal opinion I want to be the good one; to make it happen I have to show the best of me at the first time. It has been said that first impressions are almost impossible to change, I think that it is true. There is no second impression, once is enough to show the kind of person that you are. There are three reasons why I agree. I will not be the person that no one would like to believe in, I will not get help from anyone, and I will not have friends. To begin with, I will become the person that no one would like to believe in. For example, if I show myself as a liar at the first impression, everyone will know that I am not the one or the incorrect person to believe in. Even though I am saying the truth no one would trust me, but the first impression can change it. My mom told me that doing the best since the beginning will help me the rest of my life. She was right because of what she thought me, and I apply it in my life I see myself as the person who you can believe in. Secondly, I will not get help from anyone. In my life I will need help from others because I am not able to do everything by myself. That's why I should make people to see me as a helpful person at the first impression, otherwise I will not get help. I heard someone said that "what I give to others is what I will receive back from them". What I understood is that if I do not help others, they will not help me. I always like to be the kind of person that help without waiting something back. I think that it makes my impression as a good one. Finally, I could lose friends, or I would not have any friends what is even iller. Since the first time when Met my friends and showed them that I am the type of person or friend that is always with them no matter what. Furthermore, I have never betrayed one of them but if I've would do it when we met, they already kick me out of their life. As I said before one of the things that can make me the best friend is my first impression, show them that I am loyal. In conclusion, first impressions are almost impossible to change. However, you can change them, but it takes a long time, and you will lose your patience painting until it change. That's why giving a good first impression will prevent problem for you such as; to not become the person that no one would like to believe in, to not get help from others, or to not have friends. A simple good impression would make your life better or would make your life worst.