Do you think individuality create a unique way to be your own of lifestyle? Some say individuality make a specific way to achieve goals being yourself. I'm definitely argued with Ralph Waldo Emerson's statement about individuality because your own style of works, Nobody tells us what to change, freely to choose your way of thinking. First, your own style of works. For example, my dear sister" Generic_Name" yesterday, she got a phone call. I was with her, when she answered the phone call, it was the teacher saying if my sister" Generic_Name" would come at her college, because she was the only one at her class to get a higher score for doing the project with her own creativity and unique steps at the project without following the steps that her teacher being teaching daily at the whole classroom. The teacher told my sister it's a good way to do something with your own ideas without the fear that would be good or bad its just exploring your ability to making great works being yourself. This explains my sister for being the only one to do the project with her own way got the higher grade. Second, Nobody tells us what to change. For example, my sister" Generic_Name", every night, she tells me, how I need to brush my hair correctly, she thinks the hair need a proper care and treatment to brushing the hair. I don't like to do at her way because I feel her way to brush it's more slowly than mine own way to brush my hair, so every night she got mad with me because never use her style to brush the hair. I always said to her, I like to brush my hair at my way and my sister can not tell me to change my way at brushing my beautiful hair. This explains, my sister, don't need to get mad for doing the opposite the wants to do, I got my style and nobody has to tell me what to change at doing any activity. Third, Freely to choose your way of thinking. For examples. "Generic_Name" my sister told to my mom, if she can participate at the" project of making a novel" in her school, so my mom let to her participate. She thinks that would be the winner for being the most iconic novel might be existed in the world, so she's starting to writing it down, each content at her novel but she don't need a example of novel because she got her own style to write down, she tell her novel would be an entertainment novel because her way to thinks it's different at the other types of novels, her novel will be a own creativity and passion to make the novel the next most read novel in the world. This explains, free thinking its discovering a new person. Individuality, makes us special to achieve it goals. Style of works different from anyone else. We don't need to someone to tell us what to change. Being free to choosing thoughts it's s a perfect way to express it with the real world .some says individuality is to be a selfish behavior for doing the things at ours own ways but Individuality it's just a sense of life to find your own way to work. In the future individuality would be the secret tool to reach different goals.