If you don't do something beyond what you already mastered, you will never grow; From my experiences I strongly agree. In life things aren't easily handed to you if you want something bad enough you have to work hard for it if you want to become a better version of yourself. Most people around the world look up to certain successful people and wish to become just like them with all the money, cars, and fame like the famous rapper" NBA Young boy" which has made himself known through his music rapping about his life and difficult obstacles he's had to go through to make it where he is now. Growing in life and being successful isn't something that's going to happen overnight it takes time and patience. With every task comes a difficult obstacle that'll try to put you down and make you want to give up and people usually tend to give up easily. The only way you can overcome obstacles and move forward is to get up from it and keep trying; Barack Obama one of our best well liked President worked hard for what he believed in and helped illegal immigrants around the country get an opportunity to get job legally. Obama had many difficult tasks but his passion and what he believed in never made him want to give up he kept trying over and over again to grow and to help undocumented immigrants voices be heard too. Immigrants nowadays tend to have it harder than most people; they come from around the world looking for a better life, well paid jobs, and a safe home for their family. The majority of immigrants come with nothing but a couple clothes and shoes and usually nowhere to stay more than half of immigrants work twice as hard to get food on the table and clothes for their kids and wives. The mindset of having goals and being passionate about something is a powerful tool, Many immigrants work hard enough to eventually become a U.S. citizen which has a lot of obstacles to complete. For immigrants to learn the English language is difficult but after studying and working hard long hours they master it, and they tend to grow in the American society, Which shows anyone if you really put your head into it, you can accomplish anything.  