Students in the classroom always debate about working alone, or in groups, both of the ways of work have beneficial and non-beneficial aspects, In fact; some students do not like to work in groups, they may say things like people in their groups do not do anything, and they would rather to work by themselves, but in my personal opinion working in groups is a better idea. When students work in groups they can divide the assignment in different pieces, in that way it can be easier for each person in the group, another aspect to think about is that students in the group can help out each other. Working in groups will also be less stressful for each person in the group. First, when students work in groups they could perfectly divide the assignment in small portions. For instance, if they have a project about global warming, they could tell each person to find something different, one person can find the characteristics of global warming, a different person the reasons why it happens, and someone else some examples of the topic. Second, students always need help, and they could help each other in the group. Help out each others in the group is a good way to develop team work, it may help them when they go to college, or after when they grow up and have jobs. Furthermore, teach students about team work is a really beneficial aspect to think about because students are the future of this society, and teach them how to work with others is going to help them to develop an open-mind. Another important thing is that they would have less stress, if they work as a team and divide the work, they will feel less stress, also they are going to find more time to work in different assignments from different classes. In addition, if they have more time for others classes their grades may increase, and they will have a better academic performance. To summarize, working in groups have a lot of beneficial aspects, students may grow as a person and develop different values when they work as a team, also they will learn more than individuals something that the new generation needs, students will also accomplish new things and be more successful.  