Why seeking multiple opinions can help someone? Opinions can help people by seeing the persons point of view and understand the persons view. Sometimes it's better to ask multiple people for in advice because everyone thinks differently, and you will probably get more different advise from people because the more people you ask for in advise than you will get more advise from people. Sometimes it's even better to ask someone for in advice that has had in experienced of something that you might not be experienced with like going through something rough people will understand you because they have also been like that, or you just feel worry about something or because you are curious or interested about something, and you want to know or want to try something new for the first time. Sometime people want advice when they need help because they can't make the right decision or probably because they are going through something rough in there life. Sometimes people need in advise to help them make a better choice sometimes people need advice to help to let them know in what they need to work on or improve on next time. When making a decision you need to think about will my decision effect others or me? Or does it benefit them or me? Sometimes people need advise then they are making a decision because sometime when making decision it can be challenging. What does advice help people for advice can help in many ways like to not give up in things people try not giving up, so they use advice sometime people just need a motivation in advice that can also be inspirational to some people advice can be very inspirational and that can help them be success in the future sometimes people need advice to help them get motivated advise can be used in many ways sometimes you will probably not get the advice that you want from people but Seeking multiple opinion that can help them answer their question multiple opinion can help someone see the other person point of view and understand easily and know in what they need to improve on next time? 