In my opinion, I think that true self-esteem comes from achievement and the only reason I think that is because when I achieve something huge say I got a very good grade on my project or got an acceptance letter from my dream college, it would make me feel great about myself and raise my self-esteem. It does not come from praise, when I hear the word praise I think of people praising you, and you shouldn't rely on people to bring your self-esteem up. To know that you did a good job by seeing the achievement it makes a person feel like they can do anything. I see why they say praising can bring self-esteem up, it is because people love to hear from others how well they did or how what they did was so incredible. Words can bring self-esteem up, and I know this from experience. However, you do not need peoples words to build your self-esteem up it's more a want then a need. Achievement is what you need to build your confidence up in yourself not words, I mean sure it's nice to get a couple compliments here and there but not for satisfaction. To achieve is like to do something outside your bubble to make you feel like you can do anything, effort needs to be put in to achieve. I think our society now expects that getting praised is like the best thing, but those people are the ones who realize that in the end that's not something that build your self-esteem up, sure it'll make them feel good for a little, but in my head I thought you don't need to depend on anybody to satisfy you as long as you're doing you and succeeding in life. I hope people come to their senses and realize that they cannot live their lives happy and successful being praised their whole life they need to praise themselves. Furthermore, I used to be a person who loved getting praised for doing a good job or achieving something I never praised myself though I wanted to. Furthermore, I realized then the praising is not going to get me through my teenager years, early twenties and late twenties, I had to learn on my own to know that if I put the effort in something I will achieve. Furthermore, I feel like this whole praising, effort, achievement thing is all like one big repeat, put in effort, praise to boost up your confidence and then in the end achieve it's all linked together but peoples words are not going to satisfy you throughout your academic life it's like asking for attention right there, give yourself all the attention to achieve in life not to fail, I have praised myself so much that I got so many positive thoughts in my head telling myself keep pushing, your almost there, your going to graduate as long as the achievement matches the effort put in to achieve. Furthermore, I've always been that child that wanted to make everybody around me proud especially my parents, I want to show the people that have doubted me my whole life that I can do anything I can achieve it's just all if I put in effort or not. True self-esteem comes from achievement not from praise and if I didn't know that in my heart as true I wouldn't be the person I am today, succeeding. 