Yes, I believe curfew can keep citizens out of trouble by limiting how long they can stay out of their homes. It can improve the city in the process of making the citizens feel safe. City council should adopt a curfew for teens. Curfew keep teenager from staying out for too long and helps them catch a midnight rest. It balances the world and helps teens managing the time they work in between their jobs and regular daily activities like a midnight jog. Curfew helps them plan to head home early because we don't know what may happen during the night. I love to have a limit on my time because I may lose track of time and be out for longer than I need to be. Adding a curfew the city is a good choice keeping the citizens safe while improving the public law for less of a death potential. It won't go well if we don't get a curfew and I will explain why. If we don't get a curfew things will be problematic. Everyone will be staying up late making noise and traffic comes as often while people will just do crazy things. Its important that the city needs a curfew, so it keeps the citizens in check and makes sure that no one is up late who might be doing some illegal activities. Staying up all night is bad cause it doesn't help the brain function for u to gain strength for tomorrow. It makes you fatigued and dysfunctional as well as can make you miss important events in life as u go on restless. It is sad to see the amount of car crashes when people drive even though they didn't get enough sleep compared to drunk driving is another story. You can set a curfew for yourself to be safer and more energized for the next day because the early bird gets the worm. Having a curfew isn't a bad thing. It's a mandatory rule that will help u live longer, be healthy and keeps u awake for the next day. The earlier you go to bed the more awake you'll feel in the morning since u set a curfew for yourself. I personally set one for myself, so I could, can be ready to take a test and do my assignments as I'm up and at me. The council is a genius for coming up with the idea of a curfew, and I am proud to accept and support the idea.