Graduating early is a very good idea but before start with my option or make any suggestions I would like to take sides first. Graduating early comes with a lot of work and troubles. Before you will be able to graduate early, you will need two math, two science, two history and other elective subjects to graduate .but if you don't have any of that or maybe failed some classes in your freshmen year or sophomore year, it's all pales up and wait for you in your senior year. Or maybe you refused to go to summer school or even take some classes during the summer, it's affect you in your senior year. Summer school sometimes help you to reduce some classes during your school year. Every high schooler's" dream is to walk on stage with a big smile on his/her face. But if you don't do the necessary part of passing your Sol and getting good GPA to college, you might as well want to stay and wait for your traditional four years. Many high school er’s sometimes want to leave high school and go to college because they want to live on their own, out from home, experience new things, meet new friends, or even meet new people and learn about other things and also sometimes too student graduate early or want to graduate early because they don't. Like their school or get bullied a lot in high school due to that they try their possible best to leave the school before something happen to him/her. But from my point of view I think every high school her should wait till their traditional four years of high school because college can be very, very stressful if you not well organized, or you not well fit. And also before you make a decision to go to college or even work force or maybe start a life right after high school, make sure you are financially stable because college or anywhere else after high school will be very tough and very challenging. Preparing to graduate early and go to college a year early it's very hard sometimes because you wouldn't know what you want to do in college, and you will be on a waiting list, and you will have to pay for every semester which is going to be a waste of money and also time. So I think every high schoolers should wait till their traditional four years and be more prepared and financially stable before they graduate.  