Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm because to have success is important to do a great effort. It is very important in the life, but to learn the value that it has sometimes failure is also necessary. Also, success is not something easy to get, but without loss calm could get it with enthusiasm. Success has a role important in the life of many people since it is something that is necessary in their academic level, their jobs, and their goals to have a better future. First, success is difficult to get at the academic level, but the students need know that although they are failing with effort they could get it. Since to get it, they need to study a lot without loss the hope of getting success. Also, they need to practice each step to take easier their activities and have a better success. For example: if students loss any test they need to study and practice a lot to get their success with enthusiasm. For this reason, the importance of the success also depend on failure to learn. Second, in the work, the success depend on many dedications and is absolutely necessary working a lot to get it. If the employees is not working well, the problem could be that the company not could have success and the employees could be exonerated of their jobs. Moreover, if they are exonerated their jobs, they need to looking for another jobs without loss the calm to get their new jobs with a great enthusiasm. For example: An employee was farewell for does not a good report, but continuous practicing and learned to do a good report after that the employee found a good job did a very nice job. Sometimes the success in the work is not easy to get, but neither impossible. Finally, the people have many goals in their future, but also have obstacles to get success. The goals are difficult to accomplish, but not difficult to do. Furthermore, to realize their goals, they need to keep completely firm their ideas to find the success. Sometimes, they can failure, but they have the capacity to do anything and accomplishment their success for example, A family want to go to the beach, the problem is that they do not loss money to their actions, yet they were to the beach because winning money working hard and with a great emotion they arrived to the beach. All goals can get with dedication and effort. In conclusion, from failure to failure, the success can be possible and get it with a great enthusiasm. In the academic level, job and goals for future there are not impossible to accomplish the success. Does not matter the difficulty that everything has, the most important is realizing all with success, but without loss enthusiasm. Success is important, but the most important is learning to surpass failure to get it with enthusiasm. 