I agree with Emerson's statement because we have always to be like we are all the time. We don't have to pretend to be other person just to like someone. For some people be yourself is hard. Sometimes we do things that we never do just to have more friends and that is bad. We don't have to try or pretend to be cool or acting different just for that. I think that be yourself is an accomplishment. In the world is a lot of people that you can talk quite freely, but those people sometimes are hypocrite because they are acting like they are people that you can trust. People who sometimes do not look good or something can be better than people who look kind. I am food runner in a restaurant and literally most people love me in there. I have been working for 6 months in there. All that I have to do is be food runner, but sometimes I help the servers and if I help them is because I wanted. They sometimes say thank you, sometimes they say nothing, but I do not care that. And one day one server asked me about why you help them and I said I am just been myself and Like it. I think if one person is good doing something and that person decides to do that all the time, that person can achieve too many things. When I was 9 years old I start to play soccer, and when I turned 10 I tried to enter to the team of my city where I lived, and I could not enter to the team. Some people probably should make a decision to leave everything, but when I see that I could not enter to the team I tried to be better for the next time, and the next year I achieve to enter to the team, and what I think is the importance to be yourself be positive. After play 1 year in the team of my city the next year the coach of the state team talked to me, and he said that he was watching me all the time when I was playing, and he said that I am a perfect player, and that he wanted me in his team. When I make the decision to go to the new team my friends told me that they are going to miss me. They wrote a letter saying thanks for your friendship and for being an example that all that we have to do is "to be yourself" and go for what do we want to do, and I told them that if we do what we want everything is going to be easy and fun. The phrase to be yourself means that we have to be always how we are not change or pretend to be other person just for having more friends or something, and if we do something that we like to do it. If we do that we are going to accomplishment everything.