Technology allows to the people, technology they have positive or negative effects on people's lives. First, technology is a systematic treatment of application of Knowles esp. Second, technology is very important for some people because some need for job, communicates, homework, play online or other things. Third, some people use the technology for good things like" people can check out books, shop, and play games without speaking to another person." This explains the technology is good and promote more easy lives of the people. Also, the technology sometimes can have negatives effects on people's lives because some people do ban things with technology for examples, cyberbullying, steal ID form other person, or to trick the young person. Finally, technology is good for communicates with other people that lives far away or other country.Furthermore, technology had good benefit for the people life and essential for young person, but no all people usable good for example, the young uses sometime only for play game or post ban things in social minded. So technology can be had positive effects on people's live, if the people can be use right the technology. Also, technology had negative effects on people's lives, if the people used technology for ban things. Sometime technology can be effects people because when the other people used social minded for make bullying to other person, this person can be effects emotionally. In the past does not have technology; so was hard for communicates with other people, buy things from other country, or for to looking things for homework. Now is easier to do things like; pay in online, reading book, communicates or other things now can do. My Mom and my Dad say" in the past was hard to communicates because didn't have technology (telephone, table,or computer) so before use letter to communicate with other person, but to take long time. Now is easier to communicate because the people have cellphone. Now the time chances because technology increase better and more easy to do things. Technology increase each year because put new cellphone computer or other things like that. Now the company have good money because all people have cellphone or computer and the cellphone year to year they more expensive to buy. In conclusion, technology has positive and negative effects on people's lives.