Your attitude is the best way to achieve your goals or just a plus to get everything easily. In life if your attitude is pleasant you will have a lot of opportunities, and also be successful in work, love, and friends. For example if you help your partners in work, and do your work well probable your boss promoted you in a better stand for all your effort and devotion. Another example can be in love if you are affectionate, charismatic, and loving probably you going to find someone love you and give you the same love, and altitude you have with her. To begin with, the best way to get the best position in your work is to show a good attitude. The majority of contractors like someone everyone loves too, because it is more effective to everyone and effective for the company. For example last year in my uncle work someone will be ascent, 3 workers include my uncle, the most part vote for him because they said is the most friendly, and the most appropriate for the job. To conclude this if your attitude like the others everyone will be agreed with you and they going to follow you because they trust you. Secondly, the best manner to be in love with your partner is ravening a great attitude, and communication. The most part of relationship work, because both respect each other, and have a great communication. For example my Mom and my Dad never fighting they prefer talk and solve them problems and teach me how is not necessary have a load attitude to solve a problem. This show how have a good attitude is the best way to prevent the love gone and prevent divorces. Some people say, is not always necessary have a good altitude to be successful in life. A lot percent of people think have a bad attitude is a characteristic to be successful and is not an obstacle to have a great career in the future. For example the president of my country his attitude is disagreeable, but he has a faultless career, and although he is likeable is the president of El Salvador. However, everyday people say ''he is the president because we need him no because we want he wider us''. This demonstrate how you can have a good career or power, but if your attitude is unpleasant, although they need it never going to like you. People with good personality and good attitude have the benefit to get everything easier for how you expressed to others. And people who have a weird attitude no matter what they said if they sttil have that attitude and don't chance people never going to try to have a friendship with them for these reasons. In conclusion be a person charismatic a great friendship with the most part of the people your life will be benefit and different just to have a good attitude. 