Do you think that most danger of us lies not setting our aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low, and achieving our mark? Sometimes is not good to tell others what you want because some of them may not want good things for you to get or have, you want to not used too much you phone, you want to lose some weight, and you want to graduate from high school. Today in day many people used their phone a lot, and sometimes they don't do things because they spend most of their time on their phones. For example, you get home from school, and you have to do some homework, but you don't want to do it yet because you just got home from school, and you tell your self that you will relax for a few hours, and then you will start to do your homework. You ate dinner and everything you go to your room and one of your friends ask you if you want to play videos game? You tell your self I will play a little, and then I will start to do my homework. Two hours pass by, and you are still playing videos games. You tell your friend I must stop playing because I have to start doing my homework and your friend tells you don't go, we ask someone to give us copy, and you say yes, because you want to continue to do keep playing. When you get to school you don't have anybody to ask to give you copy. It was your choice to keep playing. That day you make a plant you put a timer and when that timer stop you will stop doing what you are doing. It works because when you time your self you can do more than one thing, you could also have more time to just play, but the good thing is you have finished all you thinks. For new year resolution you say that you will lose some weight this year. Your family laugh at you because you had said that almost every year, and you have not done it. Sometimes is good to just tell your self to do things and don't tell anyone because some people don't want others to get things because they want to get it first and if they don't get it. This kind of people don't want others do get it also. If you want to lose weight just do it and don't tell anybody because you don't know what others want for you. It's better to do things in secret because at the end you are the one you are doing it and nobody is helping you. The things that you do are for you not for everyone. When you have your things you can tell to your closer people and some of them may be happy for you and some may not, but that doesn't have to worry you because you have already done your thing, and they can't do anything to take that away from you. Your family may see you that you say things, but you don't do it. You have to show them that you can do things that you say. You may feel sad because of what people say, and you just have that in your mint. That is why not good to tell everyone of what you want to do because they may be jealous, and they don't want you to be in a very good shape. Just go and workout and when they see you again they will say wow you look different what did you do to look great; they will not see you as a lair because you show them that you can do things. It can take time to see the different, but you are doing it. When you are in school you will have friends that are good for you and also those that are not. When you are in high school you want to pass all your classes, so you can make your parents proud, and they can be happy; but their will be some friends that will tell you to go out and have fun etc. In school their will be students that care about classes and their will be that they don't care. You want to be with those friends that help each other to have good grades. Their will be friends that don't like you and want to get you in some trouble, and they will want you to don't have good grade and be like them. You want to be with friends that support each other. Also, you don't want to be that kind of person that say you have good grade, and you don't have those good grades, and you just are copying others and when it's test time you don't know what to do because you didn't do the work by your self. To get things that you want; you have to work for it. It's better to have friends that help each other and that also that help you to do your work and can be easy for you to also help others. People may disagree with this because they have good people around them and that they help each other. They may say this because they haven't gone through things like; one of your friends don't like you, and they don't want you to have the things you want. Sometimes is better to do things and don't tell everyone because you don't know what people really want for you or what they think of the things you want. In this world are people that they don't care what you, they will agree with what you do and if you felt they be always with you, there is those that they don't want you and others to be happy. The best thing to do is just do things and when you have it tell to everyone that you want because when you already have it they can just talk bad things of you, and you don't stay in front of them as a looser because you didn't they don't know how you did it. Us human been we always have the thing inside us that always make us jealous for what others have. For example, If one of your friends have a news phone you will get a little jealous because you also want to have that phone. Every single person in this world has when through that. That's why people don't trust each others. It's better to do things that nobody know because if you felt or don't get what you want, their will not be people that knew. You didn't get it, and they will not be talking bad things of you or look at you as a looser that you can't do anything. You will be the only one that will know and if you want to tell them you can, it will be your choice. Furthermore, you want to do things because you want to be proud of yourself and that is the only thing it counts.