Most students enjoy summer vacation, but some educators think that summer break is too long and students do not retain information as easily as they would in the fall. Because of this a lot of educators think we should have year-round school years. This would be shorter breaks in the summer (3-4 weeks) and longer more spread-out breaks throughout the year. I disagree with this statement and believe that summer break should stay the way it is. The first reason I disagree with this statement is that it would ruin certain summer activities or even business plans. Think about all the activities in the summer that kids usually take part in, this could be sports, some sort of trip, etc. All of these activities students would preferably do during summer break. They have this preference because they see the summer as a perfect time to do all these activities without having to balance their education as well. They can put most of their time on this activity. The same preference applies to things like summer jobs or internships. During the summer they can learn important values like how to save and earn money. Or if a certain student has a chosen career path they can explore this career path by going in an internship for that specific job. For all of these activities students at the very least would be discouraged to participate in if there was a year-round school year. The second and probably most important reason is pertaining to the students mental health. An article, by Complex News writing about kids mental health stated, that over 40% of kids by the end of their freshmen year in high school are depressed, or overall feel exhausted and depleted mentally. The article continues to say that this number from the time of their freshmen year only increases after each school year. Students use the summer break as a way for their brain to refresh from the long almost ten month school year. Students need this time to relax their brain and get ready for the next year of education. As a student, I can say that during school my brain goes into this state where I am mostly just focused on school work. And I can admit that my brain at multiple points during the year is worn down and damaged by always be in this state. My brain does not get a chance to heal from this until the summer, when school is over. So if we were to hypothetically have a year-round school year, this would mean that the brain would also be in this damaged state year round. If this were the case than the brain of the student would eventually just break and shut down. No student should have to experience that because of a year-round school year. Although the strongest reason for this year-round school year is that students cannot properly retain enough information for the next school year, I think I have a much stronger counter-claim and solution to this problem. A very simple way to take care of the problem of retaining information, is to make mandatory (but simple) assignments from the previous year for the student to complete so that they don't forget this information. This way students can have their long summer break to refresh their brain and do their activities, without them having to forget any information. You get the best of both worlds with no need for a year-round school year. In conclusion, I think my assertions for the summer break to stay the way it is much stronger than year-round school year argument. Having a year-round school year would be unnecessarily tedious and dangerous as it would negatively affect summer activities and mental health. As someone said once upon a time "Don't fix it if it ain't broke."