It has been asked by one teacher about the benefits of working with a group or working alone. Work is the ability to do something that given by anyone it can be a person, a company or at school that we do it by ourselves or with group. One scientist said that, "one country can develop not by the Prime minister(President) its by working together". Although some says working alone is more beneficial than working in group because they learn how or accomplish things by themselves or responsible for that work, actually working with group is more beneficial than working alone because we can get more ideas from other person, and it is limited by shorten time to complete the work. Some people say that working alone is more beneficial than working in group because they learn how to accomplish things by themselves. In our world almost all people struggle to accomplish their work by their own, which is good to learn many challenging things in our work. For example, Thomas Edison invented the light bulb without asking for help, he also fails many times to passing light through in the bulb. Also, Leonardo da Vinci took him more than a year to draw the most expensive and beautiful woman Moralize, but he didn't ask anyone to help him. We can do anything by ourselves if we work hard and struggle not to fail. Actually Working with group is more beneficial than working alone because more ideas flow out from another person. In Biology our nerve system can stick when we think over and get stressed, the last level of stress is stuck. One person can do one or two things but if another person help him they can have more ideas. For instance, the two brothers who made the airplane, nowadays we can see what kind of airplane made. However, because they are two they mix their idea and get it done. Time is short in this world. God gave as the time interval to do in our inter life. Bible says God gave 900 years for Adam, and when the people become a lot the time interval became less, and nowadays the interval for our age(time) is 80 or 90 in average. When I came to my idea, it is limited by shorten time to complete the work when we're working with group. Let's give an example for this; the teacher gave an assignment for each student to do research about global warming, he gave 1 month to submit it, but if they had work in a group they can easily do it with in less than a month. In this world we stay for shorten time interval we can work together to accomplish our goal. Although some says working alone is more beneficial than working in group because they learn how or accomplish things by themselves or responsible for that work, actually working with group is more beneficial than working alone because we can get more ideas from other person, and it is limited by shorten time to complete the work. 