An Author Ralph Waldo Emerson wrote, "Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow. Some will say you'll grow but won't reach their beyond what they mastered. Some will disagree with Ralph Waldo Emerson statement, because doing something beyond that already master will never stop you from doing it. In the pass year I played a Villain before I reach goal becoming beyond with an instrument that I didn't know how to play, I master how to soccer for the first when I was little, and at the end of the day you're going to be beyond great when you don't give up. When I was 6th grade in middle school I never thought I was going to learn how to play instrument for the first time in my life. The instrument that I'm now play is Villain my brother though I wasn't good enough to play an instrument. I practice every day to get better and to try my best. I played three year in middle school I was getting good, and then I love how sound made with bows and string. The teacher once said if stop playing then you're going to forget the string note and how to use correctly. When I got to middle I learned how to play an interment for the for time in my life become beyond. I didn't stop growing I kept growing to become better to play. Why won't we reach our goal then become beyond because doing something beyond your reaching a goal to finish. This was a time when I want to learn how to play a sport. When I was little I wanted to play soccer, but I didn't start learning until I was 10 years old. My goal was to learn how to play soccer, until one day I was at the park with my family and friend I learn how to play soccer. My uncle tough me how to play soccer for the first time. He showed me how to kick the inside and outside my feet. My uncle told me that I was fast learner that I kicked correctly with forced. So we played soccer just kicking back and forth until knew how to kick. When I was 7th grade I sign up for the girl soccer team for the school. When I made the team I was exacted because I never thought I'm going play for school soccer team, and it was the first to play. The couch liked how I played but my friend though I was beyond great, but I didn't believe them. When I got to 8th grade I wanted to sign up again because some of my friend was joining, then when I made in the team next then I know they voted for me to become captain for the girl soccer team. The coach was beyond how I played for the game I made 8 goal in the season, but I never stopped playing soccer. Until the moment in my life I knew that I had mastered my goal. I'm 16 years old about to turn seventeen in July I have reach so many goals in my life and then it when beyond. I learn so many things on my own because my parent didn't know English. At the end of day I had teacher and friends that help me all my school year. The one key that my parent tough me was never give up on yourself, if you don't understand the problem then go to the next problem then come back to finish the rest. So all this year I learn how to play an instrument that was a villain and playing a sport that love I become beyond great and master to become better. I grew up become better the thing I love the most and did it because I had sibling following my footstep since I was the oldest in my family.