The benefits of working with a group and why you should find a group to complete your assignment isn't ted of doing it alone. It's really beneficial to be with a group because of everyone collaborating. Working with a group makes the assignments to be completed in an easier and a faster way. Having a lot of people in a group means that everyone is going to be sharing their thought and ideas of how to complete the work in the easiest way. Working alone means that you have to work harder more responsibilities, and also it will take you much more time to complete your assignments sense you are doing everything by yourself. Being with a group allows others to collaborate with each other that means that no matter how hard the assignments are all together are going to be able to complete it. Having a group guarantee you fewer responsibilities as well because you have others whom can do a different task from what you are doing. Also being with a group guarantee you to complete the work in much less time that if you were to do it alone. A group gives you better understanding of what you all have to complete do to everyone strong thought and ideas. Something really important in a group is the Lieder someone who is responsible to check if everyone in a group is done with their assigned task. Also having a lied will be easy to assign each one a task without everyone complaining about doing the work. You can also contact you lieder to inform him that is going to be impossible for you to complete your assigned task do to a problem with your family so that way a lied can inform the others and find someone who can take you task and finish it, if you were alone you would not be able to complete that sense you wouldn't have anyone to depend on. A group guarantee you success when it became to complete any assignments do to everyone effort and sharing ideas, sure a lied might be important but with a group the lieder is nothing, so everyone is really need in a group in order to successfully complete the work. Overall working with a group give you much more benefits that be working alone. Being on a group give you a better understanding of what the work is all about do to everyone ideas, also you have fewer responsibilities including much less time to complete your given assignment. 