Students should are expected to identify a career by the time they enter high school. They can know how long they took at high school and graduate. The lasting they can focus of school if they can identify a career, and they can study more fast to take out at high school. Students can be prepared about the career what they want to study at high school. First, students can know how long they are at school, and they can know how long they take to go out at school. However they can see what they can need to graduate at school to not take to long at school. Also, students don't like they come at school, and they want to go out fast at school. There are many students that don't want to stay at school long time because some students want just work. Second, should students commit to a career because they can focus of school if they identify a career. Many students will focus in their future. However, students have the opportunity to have a career at school at a young age. They can study what they really want specific at school because they're going to know they career. Also, if a student have the career that he wants it's going help him to be prepared more when he goes to a collage. Third, If students have specific career, student can be prepared at high school what they really want to be or to study in the future. This is going benefice the students when they go to collage because they're not going be thinking about their career. Students can't spend too much time at collage or University because if they are prepared making progress at high school about their career. Some careers take long time to have improved your skills ant practice more study more but if they do that at high school it's not going take too much time in the future.Finally, Students should are expected to identify a career by the time they enter high school. They can know how long they took at high school and graduate. The lasting they can focus of school if they can identify a career, and they can study more fast to take out at high school. Students can be prepared about the career what they want to study at high school. Those are the reason why students are expected to commit a career at a young age.  