I disagree with the school board. That they should have more time in school. They have no time to do anything after school. They also will not do their school work because they won't have time to do there homework, and they have to go to sleep because they will have school the next day, and they won't get a good grade because they didn't do there homework and there is reason why school board add more time. Why they should not add more time in school because people won't have time to do anything because they will have to do other things too. This is why they should board should not add more time in schools. 1 They have to do there homework. Number 2 they have things to do for after school, or they have a plan for after school, Number 3 they have to go somewhere. If the school board add more to the school hours that means that they will have no time for anything. Reason number 1 They have to do there homework, they won't have time to do there homework because they don't have a lot of time because when come back for school they are doing something and the end they don't do there homework, because they have to go to sleep, and they need to go to school the next day. Reason number 2,They have to do something or they have plan's to do after school. For an example Generic_Name need to pick up his sister and brother form school, but he can't because the school board add more time in the school. That is the other reason why the school board add more time to the school. Reason number 3,They have to go somewhere. For example PROPER_NAME needs to go to church after school because the church is 2 hours of class when he comes back it is 8:30 then he eats then he goes to sleep because he has school the next day when he went to school he got in trouble because he didn't turn in his homework. That is another reason why school board should not add more time to the school hours because they want to have time to do their school work. Reason number 4,They will get broad in the classroom, For example the teacher is talking forever that they will be sleepy, and they are going to be sleeping in your classroom, because they have been sitting down forever then they won't do there work, because there getting tried. That is the other reason why school board should not add time to the school. That's why I disagree with the school board by adding more time to the school hours, because the students won't have time to do their school work and other things, because school will end late, because if they add more time the students will not do there project or there homework, because they don't have time to do school work. Then they will get an F and that class because they didn't do there homework or school work. That the reason why the school board should not put more time in school.