Students being able to graduate a year early from high school is excellent choice for any lower clansmen thinking of graduating early in the upcoming school year. In the past years lots of high schools have witness a portion of students graduating early due to the students choice in education. Not only does the student have the choice, but gains more responsibility, and thinks about his college future. Every student should have that choice in graduating early since they have every right. Having the choice to graduate early probably sounds like a pretty good idea, to any lower class men trying to see his options in high school. High school choices are pretty slim but knowing you have that option during your 4 years of high school, means you could take that challenge and overcome the odds from everyone else not taking that choice. A student taking that choice is well aware and willing to take full responsibility on his choices. Gaining responsibility throughout this path, is great for a student to obtain. Obtaining responsibility shows a lot in a character, because having this trait takes you far in life, and shows you don't procrastinate in completing a task. In all Honesty responsibility is a major key in a student looking to graduate early, a reason is because you are getting double the work, taking all core classes, and multiple tests happening throughout the week. Just by having double the education in a single year takes a lot from a student, but having that commitment and responsibility shows, and proves a lot in a hardworking student trying to graduate early. Working hard and succeeding in graduating early is going to look good, in a student resume for college. One of the reasons a student could graduate ahead of time, is most likely because they want to get straight to college. Going to college is probably on every high school students mind right about now, but colleges will automatically notice a change in the students class, and be aware of them graduating ahead of time. Colleges noticing the students activity is a good thing for them, because they notice how the student is ready to take another step in their life, and willing to put a lot of effort in their tuition as well, just by doing this they could take a lot of consideration in allowing the student to attend their college. Overall graduating early is a great choice for a high school student looking into this option. All students in every school district, should all have that choice for themselves. If the student makes their choice they should take into consideration that they will need to take a lot of responsibility in completing all task through the year for all core classes taken. Lastly to take note that colleges have a good eye for them, and seeing the choices they make and how they are doing through their high school years. 