I believe that self-esteem comes from achievement because the more a student work hard, the more achievements he/she get so when they receive more awards and/or achievements, it makes them to proud of their selves and build true self-esteem. There are so many students who work hard, complete their work on time and also have a part-time job after school, but they don't know how to build their true self-esteem so what they need to work is that they must be self-confident because they can't build their self-esteem unless they're self-confident. Also, there are much more students who go to school and don't have a job or anything after school or during weekend, and they're self-confident, but don't know how to build their self-esteem. So, students should try their best to receive achievements because it encourages and/or makes them to build their self-esteem. Self-esteem is something that students can build it by themselves if they work hard, be punctual at school and have a checklist or a plan for what they should do first as a calendar. Students aren't working hard nowadays I have no idea that it's because technology makes them lazy, or they don't want to plus they're not trying to achieve something at school. I'm sick and tired of seeing this kind of students because if they just open their school backpack and at least study for two hours at home, they will receive a lot of achievements at school so that's how they can achieve their goals. So, when it comes to build their true self-esteem, they need to work on achievements and become self-confident first and then best version of their selves. Teachers also have a role in this issue because I think students spend more time with their teacher compare to their parents in a week. I don't mean teachers discuss with them to build either their self-esteem or self-confidence unless the student is smart and curious to ask his/her teachers and peers about becoming like a person who has self-confidence and already built his/her self-esteem. But, at least they show students the right way to get achievements or achieve their goals so that would be enough, and students will start thinking about how to get achievements, and then they'll probably start working on their self-confidence and self-esteem. In addition, when I came to the United States it was 2017, I didn't know any English and I didn't have any friends at school, so everybody knows how hard it is to go to school and can not speak with anyone or don't have friends plus I was a shy guy. When somebody was trying to talk to me, my face was becoming red and start blushing, so it's all because I didn't have self-confidence. So, I am still trying my very best to learn the language and make some friends at school, so I can play or do my work with them together. That being said, now I can speak, write and read very well, and I became so much more confidence, best version of myself, have a lot of friends, and so happy to attend school. Overall, being self-confident and working hard for achievements are like a key for building students self-esteem which comes from achievements. Students should focus at school or wherever else they study, so they get achievements which helps them to build their self-esteem. Students also should be encouraged by their parents to build their self-esteem as well as by their selves unless they're self-confident in life.  