Hey dear employees. I'm writing this letter to tell you about some of my characteristics that are needed for this kind of job. I'm a responsible guy, who likes to be able to help the others if they need help in anything. Also, I'm a hard worker because I'm constantly doing work, never stopping to do anything else if I'm not do with my work. First, I think that I'm a responsible worker, because I never stop doing my work until I'm done with it. A lot of people tells me that I should get this kind of job, because I don't like when people are irresponsible and since I'm a responsible worker the rest of employers will like how I work, then they will start to their work just like I'm doing mine. I'm always on time. I'm always trying to be able to do all the work and to help the others if they don't know how to do it. If I want to go out and be with friends, the first thing that I tell them is that I have to finish my work if I have time to go out after work then I will be able to go with them, but if I'm not done then I can't go, because the job is the first thing that we all should have in mind, then the second thing are friends, free time, all that kind of stuffs. Second, I'm a hard worker in any job, because I like to demonstrate that I can do the best and any job at anytime. So if you need that type of employee I think I'm the right person, because I will work very hard to finish the job by one day. I don't like to many works to be doing at the same time, so I try to finish one per day so later on I won't have to come and start to do the same work I was supposed to finish the day before. Like I said I like to work hard, to finish everything by the same day. I like to make other people work hard to, not just me, because if we all work hard we are all going to be successful in this job, I'm not trying to be successful by myself, I like to see more people success in life. A lot of employees don't work hard for the job that they have, if they don't work hard, that makes the company or the rest of workers look bad because he doesn't want to do anything. That's what I'm trying to change in this job. I'm trying to get this job because I know that I can help other people succeed, I can make this work by helping others and by working hard every day. In conclusion. I think this are good reasons why I would be a good candidate to be hire for this job, I'm here trying to get this job, so I can help the others to be good workers and help the company look better, because we will work hard and be responsible to make the best out of the best. Sinceraly. Generic_Name.  