Does failure play a big role in success? Former British Prime Minister Winston Churchill once said that, "success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm." Although failure often just ends up in failure, I agree with Winston Churchill's statement that failure can lead to success if people continue to use enthusiasm.First, many of our inventions used today are a result of failures. For example, Edison created the lightbulb, but failed many times before he discovered electricity. He used his faith and motivation to not give up and keep trying even though he had many setbacks. He accidentally made a circular shaped like glass ball which became a source of electricity. If Edison did not keep trying, we would not have electricity today. Also, many scientists have created medicines after many failed attempts. For instance, there is now a chicken pox shot that prevents people from getting the chicken pox. Through many experiments with mixture of chemicals and failed trials, scientists were eventually able to find a shot that prevents chicken pox from entering your system. These examples show that failures often lead to success if people never give up trying. Second of all, many students have failed in school, but if they keep trying and keep their enthusiasm, they will succeed. For example, I have had a hard time in school, especially with passing my sol's. When time goes on, I try harder and harder, and spend more time studying with my teacher. As of today, I have passed all the sols I need in order to graduate except for the one I am writing about right now. I also have a learning disability and ADHD and have a hard time paying attention and often lose focus in my classes. Even with my disability, I have not given up and keep coming to school and get extra help from my teachers so that I can graduate this year. I make sure I follow the rules, don't skip class, or don't miss school because it's so hard for me to make up what I miss. Although many seniors like to skip class, I do not skip because I want to earn a high school diploma. Even in education, there are failures, but through hard work and a good attitude, students can succeed. In conclusion, I agree with Churchill's statement "success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm." Even though people will experience failures, there will be success if they work hard, keep the enthusiasm, and never give up. 