My prompt say that district school offer programs that allow high school students to graduate in three years instead of the traditional four years. Some students want to do online class and night school to help them graduate and get there GPA for there classes for college. Do students do online classes and night school right now? Tutoring and night classes and can help with everything you need in college. Students that graduate early helps you to get ready for college. This helps all the opportunity for them to understand the learning. The classes you do to understand all the things that happen in each course to help out all. For example, I know a lot of people that do classes in the morning and at nighttime to catch all the work for the classes they hard. The more work you get done during summer it counts your GPA scores. Doing everything done with work at school can get ready for everything to be done. Do students do online classes and night school right now? If so, how do students get it done with all the activity and what programs they do to make it done. Some school offer programs for students to help them with there grading and work they make during the past school year. I remember all the year that I did all my best for high school I've done after school tutoring and morning tutoring to just get everything done, so I can just graduate and help my family. This opportunity graduating early helps me get ready for school. Classes in school is hard because they helping you out to get ready for college, because when you enter college its very different from in high school because all the opportunity you can make for your self. Being organize with all the work you do in school can help you with all the work you will do in college this is you being independent for everything you do in high school because teacher's helping you out. For me being a high school students all the elective classes I do helps me with the course I'm taking in college and doing online classes was the best way to get it done. Programs you make in school and trying to be in it will help you with all the work you have. Early graduates, yes, there's a lot of them in the country to just get there education done with everything. Colleges do look at your scores and work you do with all the information you do in school all the records and everything. Having good grades and always in school that's one of the records to make college look at you and be like I want her to know to be in my college. I will say that offer programs from different school you can get accept with all this around you because this can help you out with all the career you do in high school. Graduating three years instead of four years you can get everything done. That's why students graduate early.  