Honesty is a good policy because you are being strong, even thought honesty can hurt some people. I also feel that you are being responsible, mature enough to tell the truth. Some people can't be honest sometimes and that's okay because not everybody is the same, we all are different. I will say I like honesty because I don't like when people are not honest with me, so that's why I like to be honest with them. If they are not honest with me than that's totally fine, I'm not going to force them on being honest with me. But in the other hand I will have to agree being honest is a good thing to do. You never know what could happen if you lie an any case. I could disagree, but I won't because people need respect, and I'll show them that I can be honest with anybody. Honesty is good, It might help others think good, different in a way, but smart. I know how people feel when they tell a lie and I don't feel comfortable with it, at all. Proving to this is good, why? Why because people will like to be honest to, and they need to learn how to do it. They need to let go of shy, and be confident, agree with yourself if you would like to be honest. If you don't, then don't push your self, If you don't want to be honest and hurt somebody's feelings is okay, it all happens. But we still have to be respectful to others and all treat them the same. Like I said I would like to be honest with others, so they can know how I feel about stuff or how I feel in my own way. I'm not trying to be mean if I'm honest, I'm just letting it go how I feel. But don't just go to others and say how you feel about them because that is just really disrespectful. It's good to be honest to your parents because they have always been there for you. Be honest with your friends, they are like siblings to you, they won't judge. Be honest with the people you trust or see them hurt an any type of way, help them feel happy, grateful, they will appreciate it a lot, seeing that you stood up for them, that you helped them do something successful. Trust me they will be grateful. You are being productive. People will appreciate it a lot if you help someone close to them, they'll see you are one of a kind! Just be honest with people and if they might hurt others feelings, try to say it nicely, don't be mean to them. And if they get it, they will like that you were being honest with them. Because you are just letting go what you think, and you want to help them on whatever it was, So that's why I agree being honest is a good thing!