Boom that's the sound of a volcano that just erupted. An enjoyable educational activity for me is a volcano because they are interesting and an excellent science experiment. The first reason I like volcanoes as an education activity is because they are interesting. I've always wandered what caused a volcano to explode. Now I don't need to because I know now what causes them to erupt so violently. Volcanoes are very fascinating to watch erupt when you see the magma flowing down. The magma can be so hot it can be like being hit with a ray from the sun. It's very awesome how the volcanoes are formed and made. But as cool as volcanoes are they can still be pretty dangerous, because they could cause harm and erupt, cause chaos. Sometimes volcanoes erupt at random times. Sometimes in villages or islands and in this case people don't have time to run. Because the magma flowing down is like an avalanche because it goes really fast and the people can't outrun the magma because it is too fast. There have been more volcanic eruptions that have killed people even children. Like Pompey which was a huge volcanic eruption that killed a lot of people. After the eruption paramedics and police went back to discover the remains of people under huge rocks. Volcanoes are very interesting although they can be dangerous at times it's amazing how it looks when it erupts. Volcanoes are one of the greats things to study. Next a volcano would make great science project. A volcano is a good science fair project. Because it's very amusing to see how the volcano erupts. When it erupts you can see the hot flowing magma as if people on a raft were going down. Volcanoes are a good science project because it lets you know more about volcanoes and how thy come to form. Volcanoes are very rare to find here where I live at, but there are still some outwear. That's a good science project not only because they explode but because you can even show the layers. Volcanoes have layers the top the middle and the bottom. The top is where the magma shoots out like a bullet from a rail gun. The middle is the less calm part and the bottom is where all the magma is. That is why I think a volcano is a good science project. In conclusion an enjoyable educational activity is the science project of a volcano and I gave my two reasons why a volcano is a good educational activity. What is en enjoyable educational activity for you?