Why should be don't try something else new in my life? If you have already mastered, you will never grow in life. Although, I am total agree with Ralph Waldo Emerson that what him wrote, but some people are conformed in yours life with they know and have. I agree because I can learn everyday new things in my life also can help others how to do something different if I can do that very well. Learn and help that things make my self very proud and don't feel me comfort with have.first is all, I can try and learn to do something different in my life, how I can learn new things. For me, it's very important to learn something different every day in my life. For example. If I am cashier in my job and don't have any idea how to charge some extra price in one order the food, I need to ask my manager how I can do. Another example. If I can't to resold some problem in mathematic, I need to learn how I can resold that problem for after will be easy to me how to resold that problem, and that why is very import am to learn every day something different or new in life.second is all, in life very important to learn and try to help others because not body won when it will be need help. I like to learn and try to help others how to do something new for them. For example, if I know how to ride bicycle, and one person AKS me you can ride bicycle and that person need help to learn how to ride bicycle, of course I can teacher how to ride bicycle or somebody wants to know how to use computer I can teacher that and additional help others that I learned make me feel every good in life. In conclusion, learn every day in life is important and don't stop to do something different also are important, that why Like to learning something new in my life and them help others how to do the know and learned, that why I am total agree with Ralph Waldo Emerson. Nobody can't stop to learn except that person like be conform in life and don't like to grow in your own life. I don't like to be conformed I like to learn something every day and help others that my self will be proud. Everybody for reason of life need to learn fomenting and help others.