I think that people find community parks, state parks enjoyable. Because everyone can go to them, family time and also if your stress you can go there. My first reason why I think that community parks or state parks are the best is because everyone can go to them. You and your friends can go and just have a blast. There's so much stuff to do like play sports with other people. You can even meet new people that you don't even know. Because not everyone that is there you're going to know because everyone can go. For example the Generic_City park that place is so fun you can play sports with you family and buy stuff like food, clothes and other stuff.my second reason is that you can have family time. Family time is so important to me because your family is always going to be there for you and the park is a great place to spent time with them. You can meet up with your family at the park. And also you can have a small little birthday party and just have fun there with your family. If you have little sibling they are going to love it because there's a park and kids love the park and the adults can be talking like your aunt with your mom. And also I fell like being outside with your family is better because you just get to look at the trees and nature instead of being inside.my last reason is if your stress, I have been stress before and I feel like the best places to go are the parks because you just can forget about everything and just draw or write. And if your stress you can do so many things like yoga and after cumming things. The park can also help people in different ways like they can be relaxing. And also if your going throw something I feel like being outside is the best thing because if your inside your only going to get worse. So the park can help in different ways like stress. In conclusion the reasons why the community parks or the state parks are enjoyable or people might find them enjoyable is because everyone can go to them, family time and If your stress. And you can do more fun stuff not just this. I love to go to the community parks because I get to spent time together with my family, and we just have a good time. And also it helps me in so many ways going to the park like if I stress or just having a bad day. That's why I feel like community parks are enjoyable and a great place to go and just have fun the next time you go. Do you like community parks?  