Imagine the president and the government of our country being nothing but idle and letting the country run on its own. There would be no regulation in the country. The history would repeat itself and many of the tragic historical events that happened in the past would happen again. We talk about the American Dream a lot but being lazy and just waiting for something to happen will not take us anywhere. As Thomas Jefferson said, "Determine never to be idle... It is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing", I agree that if we always do something we accomplish more. We as human beings have so many potentials in us, but we will never discover it through inactive. Firstly, I believe that inventions and new discoveries have made people more lazy and inactive. I don't blame Inventions and discoveries because they were made with good intentions and not through idle ism, but there are people who trust inventions more than they have to. There is always something to do in this world; we accomplish more when we aim higher. Even small chores prepare us for something big. Laziness is a big wooden door which can only open by ourselves and once we open that door, there's always something big waiting to happen and once we accomplish that another big adventure awaits. In the history of the United States, there were many people who idolized idle. We had a government who let the country run free, this had a great impact to the country. The country was poor, people died because of huger, disease etc. but now the country has accomplished so much then the people in our past would have imagined. The country is well-known all over the world now. The country has accomplished by establishing government regulation which removed all the laziness from the country. If a whole country can accomplish so much from not being lazy then imagine what a person can accomplish. I believe there are people who support on being idle more that have to do work. I agree that it is okay to not do anytime sometimes because everyone needs a break in their lives. There are people who believe in not having to go outside their house because they have all the technologies, or they think they have nothing to do. Technologies serve their own purpose, but we have our own purpose, we are born to do something big. If we could just go out and just help one person and day, that person would help another and another to another, this would be such a great accomplishment. In conclusion, I agree on what Thomas Jefferson said and believe that there is more happiness in doing something everyday then being an idle. I hope everyone sees's how much bad impact idle is in our lives.