Should the school board add one and a half hour to school each day? The school board should add one and a half hours to school each day. I agree with the school board plane to add one and a half hour to school because it would affect the students learning and help them get smarter, and it would affect the school worker's because they money they get paid will increase.1 first the school board plane to add one and a half hour to school each day. If the school board add one and half hour to school if you will affect the student because they will be able to have more time to study with they teacher which help them gain more learning. For an example when Generic_Name was 10 years old in Generic_City, he uses to not like school because he had school from 7am to 4pm and the teacher's use to force them to do homework, classwork and all the learning he needed it felt like being a maid having someone telling him to do this and that he hated the teacher, but he learned a lot from them and him and his classmate still cared they teacher's teaching everywhere they went, and it's very helpful, for an example they teacher's was like your parent's telling you to do something you don't want to do they know is good for you but still you don't want to do it, so they force you to do it then you get mad over them for doing that which they find it helpful for you later in life in fact you hate them at that moment for what they did, but after years when your adult you get struggle about something, and you remember what she thought you and you find it helpful how our teacher's was like back then in Generic_City, the more hours we had the smarter we got. This evidence shows that the more time we got learning with our teacher's the smarter we got. Clearly sometime's the teacher's rush teaching when they do not have enough time and that does not help the student so the more time the teacher's get to teach the more student understand the subject well without rushing through the subject.2 I agree with the school adding one hour and a half to school each day. Perhaps if they do add one hour and a half to school each day it really helps the student and teacher's because they will have enough time learning not rush through learning. For an example when I was in school back then in Generic_City, Generic_Name was in classes doing his work but the classes' hour's was short so this time when he did not have enough time to do the classwork in class the class hours was like hour and 30 minites in math class the teacher told us to '' turn your work in its time to go '' innocent didn't have enough time, so he tries to rush through it, so he can get it done. After week's innocent got 60% on my classwork he was disappointed in himself innocent wished he had more time to finish it was not the teacher's fault, so he didn't blame the teacher because they did they best to make sure we had enough time. If we had enough time it would have really helped us all student's and teacher's.in addition for student's to have better grade they need more time to focus and do they work in class. Clearly if school board add one hour and a half to school it will affect student's grade because they will have enough time to do they work in class and not rush. In conclusion the school board should add one hour and a half because it will affect student learning, and it will also affect they grade too, so it will be a good thing to add one hour and half to school each day sometimes the student don't have enough time to do they work, and they need some time to finish, but they can't and that effect the decrease the student grades. Like in the story when the boy name Generic_Name in his school they didn't have enough time to do they classwork, so he rushed through it and got bad grade, so if student's have enough time to do they work in class it would be very helpful to the student's. If the school board add one hour and half the student's grade will be different all they need is just more time to do they work in class and not rush through they work the more time they get to do they work the better they grade will get and the smarter they become.  