Some student can learn to attend classes from home. And I think it's a great way to learn if you want some good grades. If I wanted to learn; I would stay at school or watch a video to how to English, biology, or what classes do I chose from. But online or video conferencing are very different. Online can be probably a website, YouTube, (Example like be able watch how to do math) or other. Video conferencing is probably like a chat room or some videos live. Online is a great way to learn because I use on homework, essay, Google, YouTube, and other website. And here an of example. If I wanted how make a cake and when I used online website. It brings the website how to bake a cake. And there simple as that. But sometime if I ever get like a hard assignment and I checked it online, and it gave me the wrong answer, then sometimes the website can't be everything right. But I go ahead and tried other website to see if there is a correct answered. Now let say that I had to study a lion. I can go online to checked in Google, and it brings me to whole bunch of websites, and click one of those website to see if there is a way to study some lion or go to YouTube to watch how scientist studied these creatures. Video conference is probably like talking to a teacher or maybe live chat. And the way I think of the video conferencing is not too bad. It is like your teacher or someone is teaching you, and its like simpler to school. If I wanted to do it, like if there is a problem that I need to fix then I go to video conference, so they can help me and the question. But I think it's a great idea to do it. The way I see is online is a helpful and video conference is helpful too. But I think it is like home school staying at home and studied online or video conference. So my reasons is it a way to learned fast, getting good grades, or other information that you need for the future. And here is an other reason why to use online or video conference. Online is being update like a few times. For example lets say Google doc. Google doc has been one of the greatest website that I ever used. In that website, you can do almost everything like book project, essay, making slide shows and other helpful tools. But video conference is pretty helpful too. And my example is like if I need help I can contact my fellow people to help me.Finally, the best way to learned is sometimes online for helpful website and video conference to contact if teacher or others can help me. But I likely used online because it is pretty helpful because let say I forgot a textbook and my homework is due the next day. Well I can go online and check my answer if I got it right. And I sometime I always used online to see if how to bake a cake or other information that I need.