Social Media, Technology,and Education. The World around us is a beautiful place, but we do not take notice. The smartphones play a vital role in today's society, it is the hobby of the century. The schools are now taking the advantage of the new technology, but along with the new use comes new problems. Although, using the technology in schools becomes a faster way to learn, most schools are relying on in the new invention of the century. Nevertheless, distraction in the schools will be a problem, also the students will be less perceptive in class because the students will fail to maintain self-control over their devices and the results will be disastrous in their future. To begin, the students in the school should have all the things they need to learn such as books, they should not rely on the devices to give them certain information. For example, the internet has a wide variety of information which could have a negative or a positive impact on the user, also the information on the web is very inaccurate which could lead to misunderstanding. This shows that the students could gain wrong information and could be getting a misconception in the topic, which could lead to failure in academics and to achieve nothing in their future careers. Clearly, the user have to make a wise decision between using an information in their cell phones that could possibly be wrong, or use a textbook that it is revised by many authorized teachers.Furthermore, in today's society there is social media which is used to stay in touch with close family members who are far away. Cell phones are a great tool for anything, it is a mini computer. The students will be using their cell phones in social media to talk to friends instead of focusing on their task. For instance, if the school allowed such action, not only will be making a very poor decision, but the school will earn a bad reputation from parents and even to the national level. This proves that it will not only hurt the kids academically but the school itself will have a downfall in popularity. Obviously, the teachers and staff will be unemployed by the county due to the lack of income from the state, teachers but not only students will be damaged by the decision that could be taken. Overall, having the ability to own a cell phone is a privilege to have not a right, teachers and administrators should take away the device from the student if and only if the student is not cooperating, and return it at the end of the school day or simply not bring it to school. The devices were not made to harm others in many ways that people have tried. Social media plays a role too in the students it is like a temptation in their pockets, they always have to update their status in social media and text their friends and stay off task. In conclusion, Cell phones are a great way to study and do some homework and stay in touch with family members but in school is a learning place where it should stay like that and cell phones should not take that away.  