The growth of technology has made it convenient for people to use anywhere and any time. Technology has made it easier for people to do online education, jobs, and shopping. People are now in favor of this technology growth. First, online education has made it easier for students to study at home without worrying about how they are going to get to school. I'm in favor of the online education because it made it easier for me to take my online classes at home and I can do my assignment any time I want to do it. The online education is also convenient for students in colleges; most of the students in colleges study at home because they don't have to worry about transportation, nor the gas money for their car. My brother is in college and where he lives they get a lot of snow in the winter, so it make it hard for to go to college. Now he does not have to worry about the weather because he can study for his classes online. Second, most people are now doing online jobs because the grown of technology. In my opinion the most popular online job is to be a YouTuber; a lot of YouTubers film their lives and put on the internet then the get money of it. One of my friend is a YouTuber, and he gets decent amount of money just form putting videos of him self on the internet. The way YouTube work is the YouTuber up lodes a video on YouTube and if he gets a lot of views then he gets a lot of money. Another online risky job is buying and selling in stocks. One time I bought an online stock form the company Tesla, and it was perfect price, after three months I sold the stock double the amount that I bought it in the first time. When people buy stocks from other company is like having a percentage of the company that buyer own. The risky part about it is people never now when the stock will go up or down. Third, online shopping has made it convent for people to order everything online. The most popular online delivery is Amazon; Amazon made people lives so much easier by having everything delivered to their houses. When I order online I always order from Amazon this company has everything I need for me and for my family. Amazon also has fresh grocery that they deliver it for the costumers in the same day that they order it. In these modern days other stores are now delivering online, so people can buy their needs while they are at home. Although technology has made people lazy and decreased the communication between humans, but it made easier for student to do their homework, it made it easier for people to make money while they are at home, and it made easier for those people who don't like to do grocery shopping in the stores. In conclusion the growth of technology has helped a lot of people with their lives including student and online workers. All people are in favor of this amazing growth of technology because it has helped them to make their lives easier. I think that people are going to proceed with growth of the technology because it's making people lives run smoothly.  