The schools lunch menu should stay the same. Students have a choice on what they want to eat. It is important for students to eat foods they like because it brightens up their day. Many people believe that having a healthier school menu is a good idea because it lets students become healthy. The cafeteria should not change their lunch menu to a healthier school menu. It effects the students learning if they are not happy with their food, their parents pay for students school lunch, also students won't be used to the new healthier menu. Students learning would be effected if they are not happy with their food. Students need food that they enjoy motivating themselves. Students can't learn if they aren't treated with right food. If the cafeteria is not serving good menus, students will have a bad mood. It is important to give and treat students good food so that they will like being at school. Parents aren't just paying their kid's school for nothing. Parents are paying for their child's school lunch to make them enjoy themselves at school and to learn. Students will be social if they are having a good meal at lunch. Students will also be active if they are getting the right food. Therefore, it is important that the school needs to think about the students' health. Students would not be used to the new healthier menu, they would hate it. They will bring their own lunch because students don't like eating the school meals. It will also make parents stop paying for their child's school lunch. When most of the students aren't eating the school food, other students will follow their footsteps. Moreover, it is important to not change the school's menu because they won't get used to it. A new healthier menu will affect students learning in school, they would not get used to the menu, and parents won't be paying the school for their child's lunch. Students will bring their own lunch to school. Students will not be active and social in school. Essentially it is very important that the school should stick with the same menu at all means. Changing students health is very important, and you would need permission from all student parents to agree. That is why it is a good idea to not bring a new, healthier school lunch menu.