When I was younger my parents told me to do different things in life. Get out of your comfort zone and go beyond your wildest dreams unless you go and get it yourself. Would you get out of your comfort zone and chase your biggest dreams? I agree with Emerson statement because, how will you get better, being unique from everybody, and the end result when you accomplish your goal. This is why I agree Emerson's statement.PRACTICE.MAKES.PERFECT. I know you've heard this phrase a billion times from your family or friends. This is what Emerson is trying to say. How can someone be better without practicing. Furthermore, how can someone grow without working hard as you can? When I was in middle school I wanted to be in the basketball team. But, I was not good at it. One of my best friend who was in the team told me that he will teach me everything, only if I wanted to work hard and keep practicing with him every day. We practiced everyday in till tryouts, whenever tryouts came I did perfect and I got in the team. I've gotten better from working hard and never giving up on myself. Do something different from everybody else. My father always told me that when I bring up college. He wanted me to do something big. Yet, not only big but unique unlike everyone else. In my last year of high school I was thinking about taking an online class. So, I got into an online course that will not only give me a credit and see how an online class really works. At the start it was hard for me. Because, I was getting out of my comfort zone. Just imagine being in your house or class with no teacher to help you. However, two weeks later I've gotten better at it. Two months later I finished the class with a B+. At the end of all of your hard work and time, it will be worth it. When I was taking my online class I was scared, now I feel like I can do all of my classes online if I wanted to. Because, I've experienced it. It's all because of practicing alone or with somebody, also getting out of your comfort zone. You are going to do something beyond if you tell yourself to do so. Some people say that you don't need to try to do something's different to grow. Well their wrong here's why, most people can't get used to anything without trying to do so. Moreover, you don't need to master something to grow, because if you try you will now your right from your wrong. In conclusion, If you work hard and try to get out of your comfort zone to try new things in life you will always ascend and be better!