The technology that humans have developed is very advance; a lot of time has been dedicated to it, so society can have a better and easier way to access to technology. However, as all things that are crated by man are not perfect, and it has its positive and negative impacts on people. A lot of those impacts that technology have are negative impacts. For example, you loose the opportunity of interacting with other people, you can get addicted to technology, and you can get lazy, and all these negative impacts affect the new generation the most. The little kids end up playing video games their entire childhood; instead of playing outside, and making new friends. First, technology it is not just to have fun with; you can play video games, but keep in mind that if you abuse of the use of technology you are going to get addicted in a very short period of time. Spending all your time in technology have its consequences. You loose the opportunity to be in contact with the people around you, you can lose your friends if you had any, and most important you can lose your communication that you once had with your parents. You can have hundreds of friends on social media, but it is not worth it if you do not spend time with them. Also, one of the most negative impacts is that little kids are getting addicted to technology. They are spending most of their childhood playing video games, and doing things that are not going to do any good for them in the future. They should be playing outside with their friends, and enjoying their childhood which is one of the most beautiful things they have. When you are a little kid you are so innocent that you do not have to worry about any problems the adults may have, and you do not have any problems to worry about either. Unfortunately that childhood has to end at some point because nothing last forever, but in the meantime you just have to live your childhood and not worry about any video games. Second, you can use the internet for any need you may have, for there are hundreds of websites of anything you would like use. For example, shopping online, checking out book, and get any information you want. Some other websites are not quite useful like scams, or some websites that contains virus. At some point you may or may not run into a scam website which are used to obtain personal information that you have put online. They can get that credit card information that you used for your online shopping, your social security number, or even your own bank account number. There are people that work on trying to protect your personal information; they use their knowledge for the good of society, but there are also people who use their skills and try to get your personal information, and use it for their own benefit. Keep in mind that those people can be smarter than you, and they can take every single dollar that you have in your bank account if you put your information at risk. Third, you become lazier when you can get any information you want without making a big effort because you have everything at the reach of your hand by having access to the internet. You got so used to getting things fast and without making an effort, and when you have to wait to get any kind of information you get frustrated, for the fact that you have to go through a whole book, so you can that information. Man have been making your life easier by creating all the technological advances you have now. For example, you do not have to make an effort to wash your clothes, or wash the dishes you have been given all of that, so you have become lazier. At the end technology can result positive impact to society; it has made our life easier, but it has resulted in a negative impact for the new generations. It has made the youth lazier than it was in the old times; teenagers are now addicted to social media, and we are losing the communication with our parents which is very important to have. Little kids are loosing their childhood in result of the new technological advances that allows them to be playing video games and not going outside to make friends. Technology has put the security of our information at risk by no protecting it enough. Maybe it is the way we use technology, but it has more negative impact than positive impact to our communities around the world.  