The first impressions are almost impossible to change because when people meet new person, their personal information is only what is she or he looks like, so it is hard to change their first impressions, and people do not often change the first impressions. Firstly, they find the first impressions and guess the person who is she or he because that is what human does every single time when people meet new person. For example, student meets new person who does not look healthy body and the student guess the boy cannot play any sports by seeing his body, but people says that he is the best player on the team. Even if the student watch his game, and he plays perfect, it is difficult to change the first impressions because he still does not look like athletic person and the student knows how unhealthy he is. Secondly, people do not often change the first impressions because it is individual opinion, so they want to keep it in their mind. For example, there is a man who is very shy and show people that he does not want to talk to anyone, so people decide that not to talk to him. Some day, he talks to his friends and find out he loves talking with people. But his first impressions are shy and not talking with anyone, so people cannot talk to him because they are not able to change his first impressions. However, some people could change the first impression as long as making a good relationship with a person who talks to. For example, there is a man who is huge and angry face. Everyone afraid of talking to him, but a student tries to talk to him and the student find out he is a nice person to talk. Sometime, people can change their first impression which makes the person feel better, so the student can talk too easily. In addition, it could be possible to change the first impression by showing difference between now and before. For example, a student who is being mean to some friends. But some day, the student realize that it is not good to be mean to friends, so he shows the difference which is being nice to friends and helping people instead of being a mean person. Although, the friends change the first impression of the person which makes both of them happier and be able to make better friendship. In spite of these issues, it is still almost impossible to change the first impressions. So everyone should not focus on the first impressions too much.