I have some reasons why I would disagree with the school board because I don't like the idea of staying more time in school. Either way it is not a good idea because the school would face a lot of work with the time extended plus it's going to be more work than ever with the school extending. And I have a lot of reasons why it's a bad idea, so I guess start the reading the paragraphs right now. First extending the school day would get a lot of students mad at the school because they want to go home and do whatever they want. The students would have to stay longer in the school and some would be mad and some be happy about it. And students that are bullies would have a bigger chance on picking on people during the extended time of school. The next day the school would most likely be getting emails from students and parents complaining about the extended school day. While other students and parents won't care and go to school like a normal day and all lot more.Also, the jobs in the school could change like the teachers job and other jobs in the school time would be extended. Some teachers would complain by the extended school day if there going to do an extended day everyday they are going to have to be paid more or else the school would die slowly because all teachers, staff and other jobs in the school would quit and go work somewhere else better and get paid more. If one teacher does quit their job because of the extended time he/she would most likely tell other people that the school is terrible then the school would barely get people to work there and in a couple of years later probably the school would be abandoned for other people to explore to see the leftovers of the dead school.Finally, the school would change by a lot than before it ever has in its couple years of existence. The school would have to face a lot of consequences like a lot of students posting on the internet about how the school is trash, boring, and now they want to go to a different school. And the teachers would complain about if they are going to teach more than ever they want to get bad even more money. And they would have to change the whole school time of the day, the bus time and the students classes time which would took a very long time to do. Either way other jobs in the school would be more difficult than ever for example janitors, staff and teachers. Even though the school really does want to change original time to an extended time it's not the smartest idea in the world because there's going to end up being consequences to it, and they are not going to be fun for anyone. Either way next thing you know the county that owns the school will just die because of the extended day. Because then who knows probably no one then later on wants to go the other school in the county anymore and would probably just move out to go to a better school. So this is why this idea is a bad idea. 