People who have self-reliance define it as the need for each individual to follow his or her own instincts and ideas. I think that getting guidance from experts could help make decisions better because most people look and ask for guidance on a lot of things most of them are on decisions to make whether it's a good or bad decision to make. I have asked people for guidance on decisions I remember I asked my old teacher if I should move to the U.S. or stay in my country Generic_City. He told me that it would be better to move to the U.S. because I would have more chances of being successful over there than staying in Generic_City and that I would have a better life too and that was one of the hardest decisions I have ever made in my life because I was leaving friends and family behind and I didn't want that to happen. I have been asked for help before, my friend one day she called me and asked me to help her on her relationship I could tell that she needed help and guidance I could her it in her voice they got into this argument, and she told me that it wasn't the first time they have argued before, and she told me that it got to this one point that it made her cry so I told her that she needs to break up with him and that he wasn't good for her and if she keeps dating him the argument's could get worse what if he starts getting violent with her and stuff. I told her that it's going to be hard, but it's for the best. People ask for help when they need it or when they want it, However some people may not agree with me because they value their self-reliance and trust their instincts, they think that they should keep their personal problems to themselves, but eventually those people are going to start having this feeling like they should talk about it to somebody and ask for their guidance because the same thing happened to me, I didn't like telling people what was going on with my life later on I started feeling like I needed to talk to somebody about my decisions and I started to ask my family and friends for guidance. It's not bad to talk to ask people for guidance it can help you make decisions easier.