Student that are entering to high school, are around fourteen, and fifteen years old. Identifying a career by the time the students enter to High-School, is probably a chance to see if they are actually interested in the career that they had in mind, when they were in middle school. This is the time when you have to start picking ideas for what you want to be when get older. This doesn't mean that your not allow to change your mind in the future, is just a help from the school to see if you are interested in what you want to do when you get older. You have four years in high school to change your mind. There are so many careers that you could like; the school will provide you the classes that you need in order to graduate, and also classes that talk or teach you about the career that you pick. That's when you have to start thinking if that's what you actually like, and remember that whatever you pick, is not permanent for your entire life, because you can change your mind any time. Don't stress out a lot, because as a freshman you can change your mind for the year that is coming up. You have another year to pick new classes and see what is that you actually want to be. Identifying a career by the time the students enter to high school, is probably a chance to see if they are actually interested in the career that they had in mind. You have around ten months in school, in this ten month you have the chance to know more about the career that you pick in the beginning, so while the time past by, you can see if you are actually interested in the career for your future. If is not what you thought it was going to be, then for your next year you can talk to your counselor about it, and they will help you to give you advises, because they are allowed to see you grades, so they will see in what classes you doing good, so they can help you pick a career that you would probably like. Student has the right to change their mind any time that they want, because the 75% of the students that are in High-School are not mature enough to actually think in their future, most of them are not ready for life. When you are in your last year of high school, is when you have to start getting ready with what you actually like, and see whatever classes that you had picked in the beginning of high High-School was actually what you wanted to be in the future; because after that you will be going to collage. It is a good idea to give the students the chance to identify their career in the beginning of High-School. Also, their mind will change every year, the years that actually matter in order to go to collage is junior and senior years. Those years are the ones that you have to get ready and actually put on your mind that any classes that the school will put you in will be a guide toward the specific career that you have picked. The classes that you have in High-School is just a help to open your mind for the career that you could have in the future. It can be helpful for some students and for others it would not matter at all. It is not necessary to identify only one career when you are just entering to High-School, because you are most likely to change your mind and ideas about the career. There is a chance that you will forget what you wanted to be as a young age. While the time past by there will be so many other cool career that you will be interested to do, or to learn more about. When you are picking your classes and your counselors, and you talk about your future, or what would you like to do when you go out of High-School; is a good chance to let them know your ideas and your goals, so they will know what classes to put you in, so it can help you as guide for your career and also for collage. In conclusion, giving the students the chance to pick classes that will guide them toward their career, can be helpful for them to see if they are actually interested in that career or no. If they don't like the classes that they have that is teaching them about the career; then probably is not actually the career that they want for their future. Is complicated for them to have only one career in their mind, because there are so many chances that while the time past by it will become hard or boring for them. In the other hand most of the students is High-School have change their mind, and you can ask any person while their working, if the job that they have right now, is actually what they picked when they were in High-School. Most of the time is better if we give students chooses for their career and future. 