Most student enjoy summer vacations, but some educators believe that summer break is too long and that students do not retain information easily. Educators argue that there should be a year-around school, where there would be a 3-4 week off in the spring and fall. But as a student, my position is the opposite of what some educators believe. If our summer keeps as all this past years we can do so many things. When our summer vacations arrive is when all students fell free and out of pression of passing the course year. Summer vacations also open different doors in our life, students chooses are vacations and traveling, others prefer to work, gain money and experience for our future. If summer vacations will be shorter not many students could handle school, beaks in summer, longer winter break and summer would not have the same impact as summer actions. It can sound exaggerate, but that wouldn't be much time to us for doing our summer change.First, In my own experience I like when summer is coming because I know that new experience are waiting for me, but also I like summer vacations because all the "suffer" of final exams and the S.O.L are over once again, and I think passing your goals during the years always deserves and award, in this case, Summer vacations. What educators don't see about summer is that gives us an opportunity to be more responsible; many students like me decide to start working. Working has made me a more responsible man, has taught me how reality is, and that money is not an easy thing, and the easier way I can make money is study. Summer is one of the greats time for students, many students go to new places, to visit old family members and pass time with them. Summer last year gave me the chance to go back to my countries, I couldn't do it during winter or spring because I have to study, and the time educators think is the best for us wouldn't provide the same amount of adventures. More over, When winter break is coming we all happy, but it feels too short, adding a few days wouldn't make it so different, plus you're adding the same amount of days in four seasons, time for us will pass flying. I also think that many of us would fell like school is never going to end, I would be so stress out that my performance during the school could be decreasing more and more. Last time I looked an article were they showed a chart, out of 100 student 80 said that they prefer summer vacations over having longer breaks during the year. After that they made an experiment, during a year they sow how was the performance in the students whose choices was summer vacation, and it got proved that they were doing better because they were constantly going to school. On the other hand, educators are not at all wrong, when I start again the school year I sometimes don't remember thing that I sow the year before. Also having so much vacations makes me miss school, been with my friends and learning new things. Educators may have a different opinion than I, and they can be the one's who are correct, they said that summer is too long because of their experience, and maybe they had learned less. Educators are people who know more than students because of their understanding in the power of learning. In conclusion, summer vacations is the best, and it never has to change the amount of days that they give to us, is perfectly the days that we all need to refresh from school and things that happened over the year. Summer bring us new experience and it teach us things like responsibility, a very important human thing that we all have to have. I believe that we thinks shouldn't change, people and scientific had proved that the best way of learning is how we do it.