To conserve the energy and resource, we do not should have to work a four-day for week. Some jobs, work during the week, and others in the weekend days. We can not conserve it much of the resource or energy even they give four days of work, because some workers do their jobs in the week days, others will do it in the weekend days. This is because there are a lot different types of jobs, that do not permit they to work only in the week days. Add to more hours it's not make a difference because some jobs are in the night, some in the mornings. Most of the people they have off and want to go outside to have fun or go to a restaurant have dined, some business have to be open in this day's that the people have off and want to do something in the weekend day. In my position I don't think we conserve the energy and resource doing in a four-day work week. It's having to be necessary that the businesses have people working and open their business the 7 days, to those people who go to their businesses. Schools must don't have to chance the five days to four days in the week. Students can adopt the two hours more but, they will have three days to spend their time. One reason why I will be disagree if the system want to change the schedule of the schools is because it's going to affect most of the students, since they don't have a job and will be pass most of the time in their phones, using the internet, social media, watching TV or playing video games. Students will be doing nothing productive in their lives doing this we will waste most of our time. This will be affect in our lives, I take a position in this situation because I am a student and I know the students hobbies what we like to do, what not and how we're wasting our time.However, to add two more hours in the workers schedule. It can be good for some of them because they don't have to work 3 days, but also going to affect most of the workers, that are parents. Most of the parent can not apply to work the week days. Suppose they apply for work the 4 days, but can be different days like there are a lot of jobs that have different schedule. Monday to Friday, Sunday to Thursday, or Wednesday to Monday. Schools also chancing the schedule, parents will have to pay for babysitting for those who have kids. Not all people have a government job the requirement only work the week day and weekend days off. Most of the businesses ask to work 5 to 6 days and which it's not have to be Monday through Friday.Also, we can see it's impossible to change to the four-day to conserve the resources even people work 4 days. People have to work between the 7 days, some have to work 4 days and when this people have off the other half have to work that days because businesses can not be close the 7 days. People must, will have to work even different day. In conclusion for me, it is not a good idea to change the schedule of the students, to a four-day, when they have 5 days. Students can do more work in school and learn more and develop their knowledge passing more time in the school. Can be good idea for the people who work because they can have rest more time with family, or doing hobbies. Work 10 hours its good for those who will have off 3 days, but not for students because students have to develop in school more time. 