Do you think positive attitude is a key that everyone need in order to be a successful person in life? In my essay I will talk about positive attitude, if it is important or not. In my opinion attitude should be always positive, because it can help you to succeed in work, can encourage people to do their best, even if what they have to do is hard to do it, and it can be a great tool in order to succeed in relationships, and believed in yourself. When I was working in Mango Paradise, my boss was a really bitter person, that was always angry with everyone in the work, but I was one person that I didn't care about his bad attitude toward us, I was always with a big smile, perhaps how he treated us. There was one day that he had a bad day, because one member of his family was in the hospital, and was very delicate, he was an mood that did not look like he was the same one, he was sad, he was devastated, and worried, because the person that was in the hospital was his wife, she had cancer. So, that same day I asked him if we may talk, he said" Yes", I just wanted to talk with him and tell him that perhaps everything, we were there to support him in everything he needed. Unfortunate, his wife pass away, and as I said to him, we were there all the time supporting him, we were there with a positive attitude telling him, that everything will be okay, that his wife is going to be in a better place where it can rest in peace, where she will not suffer more. He was so thankful with us because how we supported him in that bad moments that wanted to increase our salary, many of us accepted, but many others not. He really changes since that days, that many of us, we are still working there, and earning more money than we regularly earned. In every human life, there is always a hard problem, that make us to give up, but there is also a person with a positive attitude that makes us to get up, and continue with our life. There was a time in my family where we had a problem of money, my father got fired on his work, we almost lose the house where we were living, because we did not pay the rent in almost four months. My father was devastated, he was looking for a job most for three months, and he could not find any job to pay the rent, so we would not lose the house. As every wife do, my mom came to him and said "Do not worry sweetheart, we can get out of this problem as we always do, I am here to support you". My father almost immediately changed his attitude, he gave to my mom a big smile and said to her" Thanks babe to be always with me, and for trust on me", he gets up take the keys of the car, and went out to look for another job. He found a new job where he earns a little more than his previous job, so our money's problem disappear. Believe in yourself not always is easy, sometimes we though that is difficult to understand yourself, but there is always a lovely person that help you to believed in how strong you are, and to see all the thing that you are capable to do. When I was in 10 grade, I had an algebra teacher that was always telling us that we had to believed more in ourselves, sometimes we did not do what she asked us to do, because we did not understand, many of us were disappointed with ourselves, because we didn't even try to do it. In the first quarter many of us in our class period failed. We thought that our score would never change. After that many students changed their attitude, but it was not because we wanted. It was because our teacher talked with us, and made us to believe that we can do anything that we want to do. Some time later many of us had changed, as we changed, we saw that our teacher changed too. The second quarter passed, and the students were happy because their score in the algebra class, many student's score were from 50 to 90, it happened because all us changed our attitude in different manners. We paid more attention as we should since the beginning of the year, we started to believe in us, we started to do things even if we didn't know how to do it. Until this moment I am thankful with my teacher, because of her, we changed to a better score, because of her we believe more in ourselves, she just wanted our best, but sometimes we made her get angry, because we did not believe in ourselves. We changed, all of us did, and she became for me the most good person as a teacher and as a friend, she was always supporting us, and teaching us. That is why until this moment she is one of my favorite teacher, and I think that for my other classmates she is too. For that experience that I had, I think that positive attitude is something extremely important in every human life. Our attitude has to be always positive, even in the worst moment of our life. Some people think that a person should have a positive attitude just during a very important moment, or in happy moments, this is not correct, they all are wrong, we need to have a positive attitude always in order to succeed in life, and to be happy. In our homes old people as grandmother, grandfather, siblings and parents, need to give the example, so kids will take it, and they will be confident and a positive person.