This is an easy choice technology has a negative effect on people. There are many reasons why but three big ones are. One you lose a lot of communication skills. Another is you only see things through your phone. And finally you lose family time or time with friends. The first reason is people lose communication skills. Such as you don't see people face to face you are just texting them and you don't know how to talk to them in person so you don't hang out with them, you just text them. And they pretty much just a become and online friend. Another example of this is during a job interview you don't know how to talk to someone. It's really hard to do stuff when someone doesn't have communication skills. And you can get food online, so you won't have to talk to people. Most people just see things and hear about stuff that's happening. Don't go and explore or experience thing the just go on the Internet. Because everything around us is technology based. You can't go anywhere without the internet or a TV. so everyone has gotten used to that, so they don't have a need to go out or play outside if they have games on their phone, computer,iPad. So people don't have to travel because you can face time people or use other apps to see people. You can order food from Uber eats, so you don't have to leave your house and people won't know how it feels to be in a restaurant. Finally people won't be spending time with family because of the internet. Because someone could be watching a YouTube video and then another then after a while it could be dark outside, and you just lost the day and haven't said anything to your parents because you have been watching YouTube or Netflix. People get used to that lifestyle and a lot of people won't change because its become a habit and it's a bad habit to overcome. People also forget about there friends because they just want to be on their phone alone watching videos, playing games, watching TV. and you forget about family and friends not on purpose, and you still do it without knowing. And its not just kids it's also adults. They pay everything online, so they only leave for work and nothing else. Then come back order food or get groceries online. And cook while watching TV or on Facebook.