At this period, technology changed our life. Such as technology allows people to complete many tasks without having contact with others. Although some people say the use of technology had positive effect on people because It improves efficiency of people's life, actually in my opinion I think the use of technology had negative effects on people because It reduces people's communication to each other and make people more loneliness. Some people say the use of technology had positive effect on people because It improves efficiency of people's life. Our life pace very fast. So, the efficiency is very important. However, work and life because time is money. Thus depend on this situation technology provide more fast more easily way occupy the primary market. More and more young people don't go outside. They just stay at home because Internet have everything they want.in my opinion I think the use of technology had negative effects on people because It reduces people's communication to each other. Have a conversation to others is very important part in our life. Something you can't learn by Internet and book, but you can learn it by take with people. At a family, which member rely on technology too much. It will inflict some crack by lest conversation.in my opinion I think the use of technology had negative effects on people because It makes people more loneliness. Technology has big attraction to us because it is interesting. But also people are easily indulge. People will in to a world for themselves and don't like talk to people face by face. Finally, they will be deserted fact life that become a Stoic person.Depending on those reason, I think the use of technology had negative effects on people. Although some people say the use of technology had positive effect on people because It improves efficiency of people's life, actually in my opinion I think the use of technology had negative effects on people because It reduces people's communication to each other and make people more loneliness.