One topic that is frequently debated today is that to conserve energy and resources, some businesses have adopted a four_day work week, with each day consisting of ten hours. People are discussing if school should follow this model by extending the school day two hours. Some people think that this is not a good idea because if that happened students, teachers, and all staff would work more, and they are going to get tired more easily. And these four days would be considered longer than five normal days, Also maybe school would require more things to graduate and to complete these requirements it would take more time Also people think that school should have any other ideas to conserve energy without changing the days of school. For example: turn off lights when we do not need it, open the Windows etc. I think that extending school two more hours would be very difficult for us because almost all the students have to work after school and some have full time and that required to work more than four days so if school is more long we would not complete with our jobs. And I think that if we use the energy how we have to, that would make a big difference. Also, I think that if we get opinions from other people outside the school we would have more good ideas of what to do to conserve all energy. I believe that study just four days should be more difficult to learn we probably get more easily tired because would be ten hours each day And if we see and think if school is only four days we have to wake up more early and go home more tardy and actually the energy would be the same amount as five days there is just a little difference between five and four days of school. Also, if we get tired maybe I think would be more difficult to learn.Finally, to decide the best solution we need to give our opinion and discuss it. And I believe that more than one student need more time than others to learn because in my experience is really, really hard to learn new things, new units, new information, and if we have only four day it makes more difficult for many students. Also, as we see, there are many ideas to conserve energy and very easy to catch up like in the first paragraph there are two very useful ideas how to conserve the energy, without taking away any day.