One of John Lubbock famous quotes is," Your character will be what you yourself choose to make it". Some people think that setting yourself goals is something that can't help you in life, and you have to follow what others do to be able to find success. They feel that people don't have enough potential to do things and by doing that they have to do what others do and not showing who they really are. I believe that choosing your own character is a way on finding who you really are because you can be able to show things that you never thought you were able of doing, you can set goals and try to put your best on accomplish them, and by setting your own character you can be able to help other people to follow the right path to success. My first reason why is good of showing your own character is that you can show things that you never thought you were able to do. You can be scared of certain things in life or won't be brave enough to try them, but you have to be able to get out of your conference zone and try to step for yourself. This can help you in so many things later in life because you can create or be able to experience new things that can become very interesting in your life. Setting your own character can provide you on setting yourself goals too by believing in yourself and working hard every day for what you want. It can help you in so many ways because you can see your own potential and see who you really. Not being lazy it all, and you would be able to have more energy in your system and try to work for something that can help you in the future and being proud of doing. Last reason why setting your own character is a good thing because you can help a lot of people too by showing them the right path of success. You can be able of leading them to work hard every day and help them in motivating by not giving up easy on what they want to accomplish. Try to provide them certain thing what they can or can't do making them things a little hard but believing in their self and working harder than usual. As you read, setting your own character is something that can bring you always to success, it motivates you, and you can believe more in yourself on what you can do and getting out of your own conference zone. Help other people whose doing things that they are not supposed to and leading them in the right path, and you can accomplish so many things by hard work.