Having shorter summer break can be beneficial for students to remember information. Although, some students enjoy having long summer breaks, but I think there should be year-round schools because students can have 3-4 week break in the summer, a longer winter break, and a week off in the spring and fall. I believe it is enough for students to have 3-4 week break in summer because long summer break can make students bored and forget all information that they already learned in school. For example, in three weeks I can go to beach with my parents and friends. I can start my basketball practices, learn new skills, and be more active. Also, I will not forget any information that I learned in school in three weeks. So this is the good reason that schools should have three week summer breaks. The second reason that schools should be year-round is that students can have longer winter breaks and celebrate the new year with their family. For example, one of my friend loves winter break, and he always wanted to go back to his country and celebrate the new year with his family, but he never got chance to celebrate the new year with his family because he didn't have time because of school. So having longer winter break can help most of the students to go to their country and celebrate the new year with their family. The last reason that schools should be year-round is that students can get a week off in every season of the year. For example, I love to go out with my friends in spring because it's close to summer and weather is very nice to spend time with your friend. My friends and I always like to play soccer in spring because it is so fun, and you can enjoy the weather while you playing soccer. In addition, I can rest and sleep more during the weeks off in each season, so I don't get tired and get bad grades in school. In the end I agree with having year-round schools because students can have 3-4 week break in the summer, a longer winter break, and a week off in the spring and fall. So government should start thinking about these issues and make schools year-round. 