Former British Prime Minister Winston Churchill got the concept that "success consist of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.". Many people failed and successes in life. Some people learn by their own mistake, fail is part of growth. Others, feel like to fail is being a loser and cannot admit their defeat from a battle. In other words, they have no modesty. Success consist of not give up on your goals, to not leave your dreams from a simple mistake; to not describe yourself as a coward. Many people failed during their career, even the most professionals, but they kept trying. It may be that to fail bring some issues of closed minds, fears, etc. For example, There is a doctor that knows the hard work to finally done with college plus to achieve what you'd love to be. This doctor studied for 7 years, this is a huge and long way of his career. As you know doctors never stop studying because the technology changes every year. Therefore, the start is not easy as, others, thought because the first stage of college, it may be the hardest stage than the others. Some people fail the first test, or the first semester, so they prefer to abandon their studies than do better in college. This doctor has failed on the way of his career, but preferred to ask for help instance of giving up. The importance of failing is to learn and the importance of learning is to success in life. Above this, a 15 years old guy used to fail in High School and this student was down-hearted, but the family supported him without criticize him. It was not easy because some are not smart enough, but this 15 years old guy put a bit of effort, and now he is a doctor in Spain. Failure to failure is the key of success. Besides, Failure gives you more knowledge of your mistake and opens your mind to discover news to things to learn. For example, a cook is trying to do new dishes from different cultures. Now, the cook wants to try Peruvian dishes because the gastronomy of Peru is one of the most popular in the world. Also, this would be a benefit because will gain more money. By trying these new dishes, the cook fails because most of the customer did not like the food plus received many critical comments. As many cooks receives many critical comments, they decide to abandon the kitchen and do something different. This cook enjoyed when he committed a few or big error; to do better next time. Learned to do better the new Peruvian dishes, listened to the rest of people and finally, succeeded in the kitchen. Some feel ashamed to fail, they usually compare themselves to others because life is a competition and this may bring issues of insecurity. That is one of the biggest problems that many people have in these days. If there are 2 lawyers that wants to face a case of an innocent and important person, who is involved, in a serious problem. The best lawyer would defend the case and will be recognized as one of the best, would get immediately many jobs for being recommended. On the other hand, if a lawyer fails a case would not get immediately many cases often. Therefore, the lawyer knows that to fail have a positive side of learning, gives you more skills of how to face any case. In conclusion, as Churchill said that to fail is the start to success. As many people fail, they learn. Some people are not smart enough, but they put effort of what they want to do. Even though they fail, they keep trying because is the ability of their knowledge. People that are already professionals, they make mistakes and enjoy of their mistakes because they learn more of their specialty. Finally, even if you want to be the best of something, do not feel ashamed because life is a competition and do not close your mind of making a few mistakes. 