We accomplish more by doing tasks that we are assigned with to complete. We have always got something done if the tasks or assignments are done. Take for example people that work jobs, day and night they tend to get work or tasks or assignments done. How do they get stuff done, workers usually plan it out like steps to go through to complete them if they don't follow the steps like how are they going to complete the task or assignment to get it done. Workers always need to plan it out before proceeding to the task or assignment to finish or complete. For example Generic_Name wants to figure out how to complete his project, he needs to plan step by step and what materials he needs for the project. He follows the step-by-step plan but realizes what he needs to do later on he gathers the materials and starts to complete his project just by always doing it. All of us always have to something to complete any tasks or assignments to finish. It's not going to work if we don't always doing something or plan it out, it's the reason why if you want to get it stuff done you have always done it in order complete it. For example take school students for an example, they tend to always get work done, so they can free time to themselves and usually making sure the answers they write down are correct to get good grades. School students have determination to complete classwork they're assigned to, so later on they don't have to complete it for homework at home for free time. It's better to always complete work, so you don't have to complete later on. For example any job work usually has work to do like car manufactures, they have an assembly to work on because it's where the cars are starting to be made by the workers in the assembly line. They have to work the machines to put the parts on the cars that are being work on, so it can ship of to the car dealership. Everything revolves around on always getting something on time, so it doesn't become a problem later on. Everyone like to job workers to school students always shave to something, It's why we tend to get stuff done. Always accomplish it by doing reasons why, we have to do it if we tend to get our task or assignments done then that work doesn't get it the way of what you are trying to on the next task. Accomplishing that we are trying to get to is a good way to start off, you see like CEOs of a company planning what they want done and to figure it how to accomplish it. For example take CEOs they're good at getting stuff done and accomplished it perfectly because they own businesses and tell his workers what food products or drinks that stores need for people to attract to buy their goods or clothes. People always have to plan to work towards to they want to achieve or accomplish even for their future. It's not going to work if you don't put the effort into the assignment or tasks to make it happen. You always have to make sure what you want and to make it happen so that your future has more opportunities. In conclusion Always put the effort into it, so you can accomplish on any work, task, assignments that you can achieve later on in your life.