Everybody would like to be successful in the life, and that's possible, but is not easy you have to try one time and one more time until you have what you want; it doesn't matter how many times you try for it. In my opinion there are a lot of people that if they fail one time they give up and shouldn't be like that because you will be happy if you complete your goal, you will be a good example to help others to be successful, you can earn more than you expected. Complete your goal can be really important for you, and will make you happy, for example, my Mom wanted to have a beauty salon, but she knew that it wouldn't be easy; she started with a small room and a few customers, sometimes she didn't have customers, and that made her think to close the beat salon, but she never gave up, now she has a big room with a lot of customers; she is happy because she is doing what she likes, and the most important part she never gives up. That' is why we have to try many times until we are happy for what we have or what we are doing. Some people would like to have an example to make their goals, and you can be a good example if you don't give up at first time that you fail, for example, I have a cousin, Generic_Name, she was a bad student; she didn't care about her grades, tests, homework, and nothing about the schools. When I moved to live with her, she saw my grades and all that things that I do. She stared to ask me how I can have good grades in the tests and be successful, and I said to her," you need to have more enthusiasm for the school", and now she has a perfect grades, and she is going to graduate this year. If we don't stop even if we fail, we can HEL others to be successful. Some people might say that you lost the time trying something many times, however, you can earn more than you expect if you try as much as you can, for example, I saw a video on Facebook; there was a man that was looking for a job to support his family; he went to many places, but nobody gave him a job. One time he was walking on the street, and he saw a man trying to fix his car, and without thinking he went to help the other man after that the man was thankful for the help, and he offered a job for the man. The man who was without job; he didn't know that he will get a job on that situation, what would happened if the man would be sleeping in his house; he would never get that job. That is why we never have to lose the enthusiasm to be successful; we never know what is prepared for us. It is clear that you will feel good if you complete your goals, and you will be a good example of persistence to help others to be successful, you will earn more than you expect if you don't give up at the first time that you fail, and maybe is not easy, but you have your whole life to make it happen, and nobody will tell you when to stop; it doesn't matter how many times you try, or you fail. The most important part is that you will be successful if you are constant and what you are doing. 