Many individuals want to pursuit their goals to succeed. It's basically a career academy, to help people like us to have an amazing future. Adults think it's fun and educational, other people think is boring or noneducational. Every once in a while people would want to visit an opportunity company because if they help me and I could help them, convince others to participate, and they could help me become more and more successful. First, they help me and I help them. I'm interested in Landscape Design, I would want to learn more about that work force. Many things about Business Management, improving a business is worth any companies while. In return for them helping me, we could talk about improving the managers' company to draw more attention. It's a win-win for both me and them. Second, I would convince others to participate. When I get the help I want, I could explain to different individuals that there are many work opportunities. For example, if they want to work in Construction or Welding the company can teach them about that work force. Gathering people for a job opportunity could be hard. For example: giving out fliers, business cards, or writing a book and selling it. Only what matters is to convince others to part-take in an opportunity. Last, the company could help me become more and more successful. In the future when success comes my way, I would start my own company/opportunity work. On the behalf of the first company/opportunity-work, who has helped me be the best in the future. This is a little offhand, but it's for the one who has made me successful. Many other individuals, adults and young teens think it's a waist of time or this won't help me in the future. In reality, opportunity work will help you to be successful or famous. In conclusion, I would help them back and help their business grow to be the best. I would return the favor of them letting help me. In the future, I would want to grow be or be famous. I feel that opportunity for future working is very important.