I believe that when people have their first impression on something they can change, people can have different impression and different changes no one has the same attitude as others. Sometimes they don't even change because they don't care about it, and some of the people they get altered on something or on someone, it's based on what experiences people already had. Some people don't even change when they have their first impression because they don't even care about it and people can change when they really give them a bad impression about them. Sometimes they keep doing the same thing every day, and they don't even care about other people who are talking about them. But when they get another impression they start to think on what they did wrong, and they analyze it. People start to change when they really need to change who they are. And to change takes time some people don't change quickly because they can commit the same thing without thinking it. People can get impress on relationship about betraying each other, they can get altered on something or on someone. In a relationship there are always going to have problems it could be jealous, toxic, and bad influence. Many adolescents are dying just because they give them an impression about her/his boyfriend betraying them with another one, and they don't even think about how hard is going to be to that person knowing that they're betraying them At that moment. Being on a relationship is not to impress others that they can get jealous at, sometimes changing is hard, but it's a good way to have a good relationship. In my experience, when I had my first impression I think that it was impossible for me to change myself. At that moment when they told me that I was a girl who disappointed other people about my attitude, I really feel very disappointed in me that I think negative every day. And that I can not do what other people are good at. It was impossible for me to change my attitude because I was used to things that it was good for me but for others was not. So one day I say that I was going to change who I'm no matter how hard it was, but it was going to be possible for me to change with or without help. I believe that when people have their first impression on something they can change. Changing is a good way to show to everyone that you are not the same person you use to be, and that every impression that they're going to give you is going to be a way to try and to not commit the same thing in the future. People can say that it's impossible to forgot what we did in the past but when we try every day to forget it, we can get better to it. Everyone is not perfect, but we can get better at changing our attitude on not trusting people who we think that it's not the kind of people were are going to trust.  