The limitation of human contact due to technology has a positive effects on people lives. It is a faster and easier way of getting information on topics that humans want to learn about and takes you to wed sits that can help people what they are looking for and get to read about it to more. I think technology helps people to complete many tasks without having contact with others. Although people can check out books, shop,and play games without speaking to another person nevertheless, Technology has a positive effect on people lives, to be able to complete many tasks without having contact with others, and it is faster and easier to get information more quickly. Technology has a positive effect on people lives and to be able to complete many tasks without having contacts with others. Technology has many benefits for humans it can be a good way to complete tasks you have to do. Technology helps you improve your skills and many other things. Studies have showed that we need technology for studying purposes and research projects and school activates that our teacher sign us to do. Some teachers like using the internet for lessons to make it more exciting to learn about what we are leaning about in class and be able to read the notes on a near pod and do it at our time and really get to learn about it more. Personally for me, I like using technology for projects it helps me get more information more quickly. It is faster and easier to look up things about my topic. The internet is a good source to use because it has a lot of information and different things. For example, I did a project for history and I used the internet to do it. My topic was about Anna Frank and her dad and what she went through as a little girl at a young age and how she died and why it was remembered and why we still talk about It. This project was all online, and we had to use special website to use for the project. All my articles were online and i've learned more about the holocaust it was and about what happened to Anna Frank. I read a lot of articles and books of her. People can check out books, shop,and play games without speaking to another person. Books are very good sources to get information from. If people go to the library they have sections like fiction or non-fiction and many more and helps people explore and find books they are looking for. They can look around and pursues books and take it home and read it. They can play games without talking to each other. If we didn't use technology and only used books it would take longer to get information if we only used books. Kids wouldn't be excited if we only used books for our projects. In conclusion, The limitation of human contact due to the use of technology has a positive effects on people lives and technology allows people to complete many tasks without having contact with others. Technology has many benefits for humans it can be a good way to complete tasks you have to do for school and work. Technology helps you improves getting to learn the topic more.