People who value self-reliance defined as the need of each individual to follow his or her own instincts and ideas. Should people make their own decisions about life important matters, or should they ask someone else for their opinion. People should ask for guidance from experts about life important matters. There are times when depression comes and stress appears because, of bad decisions made by one-self. If people do not ask for experts guidance, there is a possibility that in the future the decision they have made, might affect them in the future and cause a fatality like, depression which can lead to deadly thoughts and mental problems like bipolarity. Depression is one of the most know in all over the world which is caused by, bad decisions, over working by mental and physical jobs, family problems, and an unhealthy lifestyle which all of this can lead to suicide thoughts. For example, one of the most famous singers from United States SIA known for her most popular song "chandelier", she committed many bad decisions which had leaded her to drug addiction. Her fame was getting higher; and many contracts for more shows where she had it to attend to, were exploding her head which lead it to an over working stage. She has an amazing soprano voice, with more than five different tones, and because of that, different music productions wanted to sign a contract with SIA, but she instead of taking a rest she decided to continue, knowing in which stage her body was passing through, she decided to take drugs to cover her stress but, instead of taking away her stress she became a drug addict which lead her to suicide, but thanks to the doctors she is alive; now she keeps being one of the most popular singers but, because of her pass, she covers her face with long hair bangs to the top of her upper lip; and no own has seen her face since that incident. Also, bad decisions might lead to mental problems like bipolarity, and sadly most of the cases are seen in schools where parents and teachers do not notice until is late for that youth to recover, because of his or her bad decisions that these students had made. For example, a student from a school in Virginia known for his great intellectual was passing through a rough time, he had to go to work every single day after school from Monday to Monday his hours to school were from 7:30 Am to 2:15 Pm, and his work hours were from 2:30 PM to 10:30 PM every single day. He never gave up he was always the top student of his class, but there were times when his parents were putting more pressure, and Test were near to come and work was getting more and more exhausted until one day he exploded. The day of he's graduation arrive, and his most treasure sister wasn't able to accompany him because she was getting into the same stage that he already pass through. After his graduation he wanted to have a life and do what he always wanted to do since he was a child which was being in the Marine, he was already in a bad state because of all the pressure he gent through but, he wanted to fallow his dream. One Saturday in the morning he decided to apply for the Marine but, sadly he was not accepted because of his migratory circumstances and because of that, he's brain collapsed in a stage of dementia, but his mother instead of giving an affection, she got mad and told him "Stop, you are a man already, act like one", the only one who tried to calm him down was his little sister who did not know what to do but to say "He needs some experts help, he needs to go to see a doctor in that way, we can make a good decision and know what to do". After all of this happened he went to a mental hospital where he was hospitalized for three long months, and now he is living a life with medications from an expert who helped him to go through all of this where he was diagnosed with bipolarity. In conclusion, if someone wants to make a decision which is about their life importance is better to ask an expert and prevent all these things to happen in that way there can be a reduction in mental problems and suicide attempts.