People love doing their favorites things where it will keep them safe and healthy. Activity means when you are doing something like playing sport, going outside, or participating in some type of competitions. There are a lot of activities, you can choose and participate in it. My favorite activity is playing with my friends at national parks. The choice, I chose is playing with my friends at national parks because it keeps you healthy and unstressed. To start, one reason I chose is that playing outside keeps you healthy. For example, I had one friend like some years ago, but now we don't talk because we kind a faded, so we used to play a lot. One time my health was getting bad because I stayed at home all the time and doing nothing then I talked to my parents about my health, and they said that I should play outside with my friends, go somewhere special where you haven't been. Then, I went to the parks and played there tag, played hide and seek, and played soccer. I had fun and after some months, my health got better, and I just continued playing those 3 games. It's important because nobody really wants their body to have some problems, and then they regret, so that's why you should go outside and play with your friends. In addition, other reason, I chose is that playing outside doesn't give you a stress. For example, in 2016, I had this big stress about school and about homework and what we do in classroom. I just couldn't focus on my studies and got like bad scores on the test. Then I tried to find the way to get out of the stress, and it said that you should go outside, do activities with your friends that you like. I asked my mom about this, and she said yes to me then I started to go outside with my friends every day, and I was kept forgetting about my school and homework which was good for me. I didn't have any stress after in 2016. It's important to be not stressed because then it affects on your study, and also it affects your health, so that's the other reason, you should go out and hang out with your family and friends. In conclusion, playing outside helps you not stressed out and keeps you very healthy. As a result pf these reasons will help you in your life and honestly these two reasons are actually reliable, you just have to follow them and there you go, your life will be amazing. Playing outside and doing more activities help you a lot, and it doesn't give you any bad day or anything like obviously you don't want any and bad situation to be in your life, so follow them.  