A city council is debating for the adoption of the curfew for teenagers. That create an enormous positives and negatives reactions the rabble who is for the curfew and who disagree this and said we are in a free country. These laws prohibit to see a teenager on the street at 10 P. M weekday and midnight weekend. In this prompt we will show the reason why the curfew can be a marvelous benefit for teenagers and keep them out of trouble. In beginning, the decision is reassuring for the parents. For example, when the parents know where their children are that can help them to stay calm. Because sometimes we have a parent suffering from high blood pressure and don't know where their children are can affect them. In this case, parents are the main piece of the education of children. When the parent stay at home with their children that can help them to planning the schedule of the sleeping period to be the optimal version of parent of their children. If this case, parents can have a few controls into the life of their children. The idea there is to leave a parent with their children to help them to be close and to know each other. Because we have a French proverb what said "Tell me who do you walk with, and I will tell you who are you?" And the best people for approve your friend and answers us the fabulous question "Who are you?" Is our parents. Furthermore, this law would reduce work of 911. Because everyone knows that most of the crime are commit at night and that can not be the moment where we leave our teenagers outside. For example that will help the 911 to reduce call for emergency at night. Because we never know what can happen in a teenagers party, they can do a prank call challenge, they can have a fire in party, or they can fight. In other case, the law can heaven preserve them from eventual aggression in the minor. We do not know who the people who walk in our street and their mentality. We have immensity and variety of people in our street like drugs dealer, a daring, and a rabble we do not go to let our children walking in this environment at night. In this case, the law can decrease a criminality rate in the street. Because teenager are the principal target of people in the street because they are easily influenced. This easily influenced can associate them with a sort of people disreputable. In auditioning, the curfew can help a teenager in their education. That can help teenager to study. Because the first priority of a teenager is school, and they can have time for studying, that decision can create the future amazing men and women in the future for emergence of our city. In this case, that can help teenagers to sleep early. To have a fantastic performance in everything we're doing, we need to have our eight hours of sleeping that is also the case of school. To have a marvelous performance at test and at class we need to sleep the time recommend by a specialist. In this case, teenagers can learn to be organized and responsible. Because the curfew can sharpen their sense of priority what is actually to back home before 10 P.M. And this sense of priority can help them to be a wonderful adult. Finally, to sum up the situation, we're saying our vision about the beneficial effect of the curfew in our marvelous city. The beneficial effect what can impact our the families situations, the local authority, the society and in school, or class. That rule can be very strict for some people, but that is after a long analyze the best way to put our teenagers safe. The curfew can assure the best future for the children in our city inducted State of America. 