Does your teenager have a curfew? Do you think they should have a curfew? Keeping teenagers safe is really important especially when it's dark out. Thing out in the world are not like they used to be. A city council is debating on a curfew adoption. If this curfew is adopted does this mean teens on the street after hours are breaking the law? Will curfews keep teens out of trouble or unfairly interfere with their lives? A city council is debating on an adoption of curfew for teens. Why are they debating about this adoption? The first reason is city council does not want teens getting hurt or putting themselves at risk at a young age. Second, they want to keep teenagers safe from the bad things out in the world. Lastly is they do not want trouble, some teens make bad choices about drinking and other stuff they should not do at a young age. That is why city council is debating a curfew adoption. If the curfew adoption is adopted by city council, does it mean that teens on the street after hours are breaking the law? Many people have different opinions. I also think it depends on why they are out. I would say they are not breaking any law if It's for work or any emergency. They are also not breaking the law if they are with an adult because it is not like they are on their on their own. However, if they are out to be hanging out with friends and partying stuff like that, yes they would be breaking the law. Does this mean if teens are out they are breaking the law? In some ways yes and in some ways' no, it depends on why they are out pass the curfew. Do curfews keep teenagers out of trouble or unfairly interfere in young lives? First things first most teens would say that by having the curfew law it's interfering with their lives. Teens would say that because they want to go out and have funny and other stuff. Having the curfew law will keep teens safe and out of trouble because you never know what could happen. Another reason I would say keeps them out of trouble is because most teens like to leave the house at night without their parents knowing. That is never something you should do. Teens should think, Is it worth the risk? A lot of things can happen even though you may think everything is okay and that nothing will happen, but that is what you think there might be a chance you could be wrong. Now teens should think, Do curfews keep them safe or does it interfere win there lives? The city council's debate about the adoption of curfew for teenagers. Many believe it should be a law and others believe it's should not be a law. They debate upon this law because they want to keep teens safe and do not want them to get hurt or in trouble at a young age. Will it mean that any teen on the streets after curfew is breaking the law? It Will probably depend on why they are out for example for work or for and emergency and unless they are with an adult. Some reasons other than that like to go to parties or hang with friends, is most likely breaking the law. Will this law keep teens out of trouble or interfere with their lives? Most teens opinions would be that this law is interfering with their lives. Some teens most likely parents will say it's to keep teens safe instead of risking themselves.