First impression counts the most, and it's impossible to change. A person point of view on someone can never be changed because of the many thoughts that go thought the mind, after getting to know that person because no one would want a friend like that. Having a serious face, not taking care of yourself and dressing wrong can lead to having a bad impression, that's when people think of you differently and get things wrong that are not true, but due to the bad first impressions it changes everything. Having a serious face all the time can mean lots of things, say for example your life is horrible, you're ready to go fight someone, or it can mean I hate everything around me, that's not what makes a good first impression, and it makes it impossible to change that. People now days don't want to be friends with someone who is always mad and is ready to fight someone, and because of that particular time you had serious face it led to you not having a girlfriend or a friend that was going to be with you for the rest of your life. First impressions can be hard to change and it's impossible because once you had that one chance you waste it all due to that one serious face that everyone was intimidated and now people don't want to talk to you because all it would've taken was a smile. Then, not taking care of yourself can make people not wanting to talk to you. Hygiene can can change everything and lets people know about who you are, and it makes people wanting to talk to you. Having a bad odor can lead to people running away, can make you look like you just don't care about your'self why would you care about others. Hygiene is really important if you want to impress because otherwise it would make a bad impression leading you not having friends or a girlfriend because no one wants to be around a person who smell bad and doesn't take care of themselves. The milling comes in quick too, because you have a friendly convention with people around you and people what to be your friends, and it may not be because you don't smile. Your breath also counts because people like to have a conversation without having to smell what you ate for dinner or what you had for lunch, so is important to say up with all those things because people take notice of all those small things and the see that is with talking to you.Therefore, having the proper clothes for the proper time can change the way people look at you, and it can make you have friends and be known for dressing good and people now days want friends who dress up good, for example is the homecoming dance, and you go with your friends, and you're wearing jeans and shirt, and you have your friend all dress up for the occasion and there's you now no one wants to take a picture with you or dance with, dressing the proper way can make a difference on how people see you and is something that is a proven fact. When my started working as a chef people in the streets would see that her clothes would be all dirty with food stains it would make people think that they don't know how to cook and what is funny that she was making lots of money making food for important people and people was thinking of a different way when she was making more money than the people judging her, but when she started working as a nurse people would respect her for the way she was dress, even thought she was not making the same about of money, but people saw her differently. Those all changes that you make in your clothes can make a difference, and they don't have to be expensive of from a popular brand because all it is clothes is just how you use them and what makes it good that the clothes can be cheap but how you use them for the proper occasion can make a difference. In conclusion having a serious face, not taking care of yourself and the way you dress up can make people have different thoughts of you. When being approach or even if they don't talk to you, they will see that your not worth talking to, and after they know who you are and your way of lifestyle can make people hard to change that first impression of you. All this small things can change your life because I have been through those situations where people look at you differently, and it makes it hard to change someone's thought of you and that first impression that is important. Having a different mentality can change everything and peoples way of thinking.