Author Ralph Waldo Emerson wrote, "Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow," I agree with Ralph Waldo Emerson, because he says that if you don't do something you will stay in the same place and never grow up if life, you will not advance, and you conformed with what you have. I believe that peoples always try to overcome in life, that's why you always have to try progress in life and grow up and not be a conformist. Because you always can be better in life. We have the ability and the opportunity in our hand. First, never stay where you are, always try to do something else and try to get more experience, always try to overcome in life, because you can always try to be bigger, and bigger, and try to dominate other things because you have the ability and the opportunity do grow up and never give up easily and if you have the opportunity to grow you will do it because never let opportunity get away from you chase the opportunity to be better and to master other things. I believe that you always have the ability to chase your dream and if it is not enough you can find more, and you can get to your where your limit is. I think that all people have the potential to follow and surpass them abilities and if you already dominated your, you can find and try another one don't stay with the same one because there are always there are a lot of things inside us that we don't want to take it out of them but if a person take it out he can do things that non-one can believe, because it still inside them you know that you have capacity for that, but you don't want to do it. All people make them own decision but some of them don't know what's them capacity is. Sometimes they don't take the opportunity they just throw it on the trash. Like the feeling of a person they don't fight fort that they can be a big house a lot of money, but they can't feel the love that someone has for them that's the one that a person has to recognize they stay in the same place without doing anything they know that they can change that make that happen. But they can change in like, and they can grow up. As a person we have to respect each other, make decision on life to grow as a person be a good person in the association take care of my and my family respect my family, be respectful with everyone. Be clean to be a good person help someone makes a man as a person having good attitude be as good person with my mom. If we make be thinking in this life we have not going to grow as a person if we are doing something that we are not supposed to. I think think that respect is one of the most important parts in the world.conclusion In conclusion I think that all people can always find more opportunity, and they can get more experience by doings new things and overcome a new person in life, and chase dream because if they chase that dream they can make it happen for real. I think that all people in this world has the capacity to do things in life but some of them don't want to do it because they just can't, and they stay there without doing nothing, they should chase that dream and never let it go.