To have a good life we need to have a good way of think, it has been said that a positive attitude is the key to success in life. I agree with that statement because a positive attitude make you a better person, and makes your life easy, with a positive attitude your been optimistic and that is very important during hard times in life. There are a lot of important reason why it is important to have a positive attitude. A positive attitude is the key to success in life because you will have a good relationship with people. People like to be around a person that has a good attitude and is optimistic because they know that you are always going to try to help others, and you are going to keep a good attitude during adversities, also if you have a good attitude people will know that they can count on you. You can give people good advices as well as a constructive opinion. Conversely if you have a negative attitude you are going to transmit a bad energy, and people will stay away from you. That's why is very important to have a good attitude because you are going to be surrounded with people that has a positive attitude too.Also, a positive attitude is important because it will help you to solve problems easily. If you are calm and keep a positive attitude during problems you will find a better solution for problems. If you are positive you will try to think in a way to solve the problem without stressing too much. Also, if you have a positive attitude you will not give up easily during hard times. People who have a negative attitude always struggle when solving problems, because they think that maybe the problem does not have solution or if it has is too hard to solve it. Negative people always focus on the bad side of things that's why it is very hard for them to handle problems. Thereby is important to keep a positive attitude, no only because it will help you, but also because you will be more happy. Another reason why is important to have a positive attitude and why I think is the key to success in life is because I have seen that people who have a positive attitude are happier than people that have a negative attitude because they stress for little things that happen, positive people are always trying to see the good side of things, they know everything that happen, happen for a reason and that everything has solution, we just need to look for a way to solve it. People with positive attitude always make better choices than someone negative. For example; The majority of the people with negative attitude give up when they don't reach what they want instead of strive their goal. Largely people with positive attitude always keep going and fighting for their goals until they reach it. In conclusion a positive attitude is very important to be successful because, it will help you to make a strong relationship with people. Also, it is important because you will always find a way to solve conflicts, if you keep a good attitude you also are going to make good choices. You are going to be happier and live peaceful because you are not going to stress about everything. Your friends, family and colleagues will know that they can count on you because you are a reasonable person.  