Should people make their own decision ? Or should people seek for guidance ? I think you should live your life the way you want to live it with the guidance of your parents because they already lived theirs. Our parents have experienced life and it's challenges and which they would want the best for us and nothing else. For example, you are looking to purchase a car, you would ask your parents for their thoughts and guidance because they have already been there done that. Deciding what you would want to be in life, Now that's a choice you choose on your own, you choose if you want to be successful in life, you choose if you want to have a big house, a nice car, a good job that's all you from what i've learned in life is that nothing is going to be done by its self. You are not going to get what you want if you don't get up and handle it yourself. I look up to my older brother because he moved out with a goal and that goal was to own his own car, his own apartment by the age of twenty-one and still going to school part-time. I aspire to be like him so hardworking and with a goal to do it all by himself with the guidance of my parents of course. But that's not the point, the point is that he left my parents house with a goal, determination, and self trust he always told me that it's all about taking risky decisions in life. Nobody can't make you do anything but yourself the only person that can harm you is yourself the decisions you make in life will impact yourself. You decide what is right or wrong in the real world because outside of high school it's a whole different ball game you are going to make bad decisions and good decisions, but it's okay mistakes will happen and mistakes are good because you will be able to learn from them and grow as a whole. I think mistakes are a blessing because I know that my parents both made mistakes and some a regretful and some are a blessing that you will learn and live to tell on. I think it's important to have something or someone to inspire you to motivate you have to trust your own gut because you can always look up to them. Or be someone a person can look up too, be motivation for someone else be someone you want to be in life. But It's not just going to be handed to you, you have to work for it there are always going to be festivals in the way or challenges in the way, but you have to tell your self to just keep swimming. SO YES I think people should make their own decisions in life because it's your life do what ever your heart desires!  