Former Primer Minister Winston Churchill once said that "Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm", and in my opinion I agree with Churchill's words. Failure has an enormous role in success. Failure is all about, learning from the mistakes you made and gained all the experience you can out of it, Not giving up and plan what can you do better to accomplish what you have been fighting for to get even better results that the ones you were expecting in the first place, that is what failure is all about and that is why it has big and important a role in the pursuit of success. Learning from the mistakes that were done is a big example of the role that failure has on the pursuit of success; throughout history there had been many times were our society, nation, and specie had learned from their mistakes; as an example of this is the League of Nations, it was created after WWI to maintain worldwide peace; It ends up being a big failure. We learned from this and the U. N was created to maintain global peace through nations and till present days it stills been one of societies the biggest success. This is an example of how learning from mistakes you have made in the past is useful but overall this is one of many examples you can put to show how failure is related to success. Not giving up is also really important on this because giving up is not an answer as an example of this is, Pele, he became one of the best soccer players in history, but it also became the youngest player to win a world cup, since a tiny age he was told that he was never going to become a soccer player, he was told numerous time that his talent was not enough, but he did not give up, he gave all he had and when he had the chance he showed everyone of what he was capable of and became one of the best players in the world. In his debut on first world cup he suffered an injury on his knee while training for the first match, it let him out for half of the of world cup. Doctors told him that he had to do exercise every day to get better, but that he was not going to be able to play in the whole tournament; he did not give up he trained day after day and in the third phase of the world cup he was given an opportunity to play in one of the games. This is a great example of the strength that people have when they do not give up, and they give all they are capable of. This is also a great example that shows how failure has many things directly related at helping people to success at what they are trying to achieve. Another example of how failure can help you success is trying once more. This is the most important feature in the relationship of failure and success because once you have looked back at what you did wrong last time and learning from that, you are ready to try once more and accomplish what you have been fighting for. As an example of this is the spaceships that have sent to space to reach many places in the universe. Its well known that many of the spaceships that have been sent to space failed, and in huge proportions. Many of those spaceships exploded do to problems on their systems or other problems. After many tries looking at what failed and what went wrong humans were able to send satellites and people to the outer space, it took many failures to till we got all of this finished, now we are able to send spaceships throughout the galaxy to explore the stars and many other places. Failure taught us what were we doing wrong, and we learned from it, this shows us of how failure is related to success by trying many times to achieve what you are fighting to achieve. Many people believe that failure is not related in any way to success, they have arguments saying that, you can accomplish something at the first try, that you do not learn anything from the mistake or the times you have failed at something, and they also say that you lose all enthusiasm when you fail numerous times at something. I believe this people are wrong because you do not always accomplish something in the first try, and you always learn from your mistakes, you might learn valuable lessons out of them; their last argument can be denied by telling to yourself that you can do it, we decide when do we lose our enthusiasm or not. This is why I believe they are wrong failure is related in the pursuit of success even if we want it or not because you learn and gain experience out of it, that is what makes this world a better place, failure, and it might sound like is not true, but I believe it is; failure is always there, and we can always learn valuable lessons out of it. Like I stated in my examples above failure is related to success; failure is not a bad thing because we learn from the mistakes we have done, we can gain experience out of it, we learn what are we doing wrong, but what we have to keep in mind is that we decide if we lose the enthusiasm in something whenever we decide to do it, this is why I believe that the words that Winston Churchill said are true, because from failure to failure we learn from the mistakes we made along the way to success, we can think of a better plan with the things we learned and after that we can try once more to accomplish the thing we have failed with better results that those we were expecting. That is why I think that failure is related to success. 