People should make their own decisions to avoid bad guidance from other "experts". Everyone should make their own decisions because they know themselves better, they know what they like and what they want, mentally and physically. For example if someone bought someone else something that they didn't like or didn't want and is the total opposite of what they needed, they wouldn't have sent the other person to go get it in the first place, now would they? Also, people should make their own decisions so that they could learn from their own mistakes and their misjudgments. For example, people buy the wrong size of clothing online every day without trying it on in stores first. People will now know to go in stores first or to get themselves measured first before ordering clothes online. Another example, is that people look at something they think is interesting and nice, but won't read the directions or the descriptions that come with it and once the package that they got or ordered it at their homes and in their possession is either not like the picture or is smaller than what they thought it would be or is just one piece of what you ordered. This is a great learning experience for them to not do it again and to always read the descriptions of what you're ordering comes with. Lastly people should make their own decisions because not all "experts" can really help you with your situation or not even do so well on your case. For example, people can pay a lawyer a huge amount of money for them just to fail on your court case. Another example, people pay to see a doctor for something they think is wrong with them because they're hurting badly and doctors will say you're perfectly fine and prescribe you an expensive painkiller, which people can already have at their homes. Last example, a therapist can also prescribe you medication that you don't need but will still give it to you because they can. Some therapists don't believe in that but most do.So, these so-called "experts" sometimes don't know what they're doing, or sometimes they are trying to make money out of innocent people or even sometimes is it always okay to make some mistakes and learn from them and your misjudgments. So it is always better to make your own decisions to avoid bad guidance from others.