Most people create their own way or destiny to go in life. They also know that believing in themselves will improve their capacity and potential to be successful. People who are motivated all the time tend to rich a 99% of their goals easily at school or Colleges. As they know being focus is the key to succeed in life. But those who has never tried are the ones to come last, because they do not have enough motivation or self-confidence to do it. In some cases people are responsible for their own motivation in life and what'd help them to be successful it is to take good decision. There are so many opportunities out there, that will make us to be better and what we don't have to do is to make mistakes that will lead us to bad lifestyle. Because later on we won't have second chance to prove our skills and be someone important to admire. Although people who have a positive attitude are trustful, smart, and kind etc. Even they could help people to reach their dreams. But not always people have the same motivation or satisfaction to stand up and fight for what should be helpful and worthy. Most people tend to give up, because they think it's complicated or hard to get it. But if they do not put a bit of effort to make it won't happen. The success of a person is being dedicated all the time and no matter how hard it's going to be. But they will always give their lives to make it real and that's when they realized that all the effort was for a good reason to be on where they are now. Those who keeps a positive attitude are the ones to inspire other people by writing books, quotes, poems, etc. People look at them as a way to motivate themselves and believe they can do the same to reach their goals. Sometimes people apply their concepts as how to be successful in life and what it is required to the success of school. People just have to be passionate for things they love to do in their daily life and the opportunity to prove they are better. Even they will shine like a pearl for the effort and work ethic. They used to give to be positioned far way from others like one of the success person ever seen before. School, Grades, Homework are important to the success in life. When people try the best to do well at school there's an increase of chances to be committee for a University, because they look for all the things students do well and because the success for people is believe on what they can do right and how can do it to bright out there.