To be yourself is the best privilege that just can do, and can get many accomplishments in the world. It is difficult to make you something in a world that is constantly trying to which, to be yourself in the world should be the greatest accomplishment. Have a positive attitude help their many securities by self. Always think duly with positive mind for example, get many things important in the world. It is the best option have in clear of be positive for to going for a good way. Also, to be yourself is the best manner of demonstrate the greatest accomplishment. The principal point in the life it is had dream. Inspire to have many accomplishments in the world for example, it is beginning to created your own ideas for be greatest in life. Is important to have dreams because the life not is easy but neither impossible. However, dream is the principal goals that can reach accomplish by yourself. While some people believe that to be yourself in the world not should be the greatest accomplishment, others argue that to be yourself in the world should be the greatest accomplishment, because all is possible to accomplish if a purpose. Although this be valid, there are several important ideas to be considered, such as goal yourself need think you can do everything that you purpose, for example all sacrifice made by yourself get great opportunities. Endeavor is the principal motive for ahead leave. Nevertheless, make your purpose in the life advance to be matter. To be yourself accomplish goal of reach many things in the world. Not good be negative attitude in the life because all people can reach much objective in the life with a positive attitude. A self have that get inspire something for be the greatest accomplishment. It is considered to be yourself in the world of created and make ideas for accomplish the difference that can do the greatest accomplishment, nevertheless, I believe that be yourself in the world don't matter the opinion of others people because yourself are responsibility of the greatest accomplishment.