How technology have a positive effect on our lives? Nowadays over a billion people use different type of technology for example phones, laptops,computers, and tabs. Technology made our lives easier than before. Although we spend most of the time using technology rather than doing physical activities, because we can read books, watch movies, play games, or shop online, it also helps in our education, and we can stay in touch with others. Technology helps us to stay in touch with our friends and family. Through social media, we can share our daily routines, share our pictures, or we can make new friends. People on social media are so excited to share their stories with others. We can learn some lessons by knowing all others experience. By sharing our lives personal experience maybe This inspires to other, and they could make their lives better.Nowadays, technology have a big hand in education. Schools, Colleges,and University prefer laptops or computers more rather than using books or papers. Through technology students can easily access to their assignments or missing work. Students can take help from internet in their assignments and can easily submit their assignments to teachers online. Teachers can also access to other teachers resources to help them in teaching. Most of the people use technology for entertainment to watch movies, play games and read books in free time. Nowadays, we can play games with our friends even though they live in other country. For entertainment, we can record ourselves and upload that online as a daily v log and this is not just entertainment we can earn money through technology. We can also shop online, or we can also sell products online and make money. Most of the people who are busy in their lives they prefer to shop online not going to market and search for their desire products. We spend our most of the time using technology, for example using social media, playing games, or watching movies that leads us to get lazy, sleepy,and sometimes it feels sick. Technology is addicting we can't spend our day without using technology because technology is playing a big role in our lives. It brings so much to our lives for example entertainment, helping hand in education, and more. Technology has some negative and positive effects on our lives, but there are more positive points than negative ones. There are many helpful factors in technology that helps in our lives. Before technology life was hard to connect with people, but now you can easily call them and talk to them no matter where they live. Some negative points like we get addicted to one thing we and we spend our most of the time using it, but there are some positive effects like it helps in education, and we can earn money through technology.