This prompt was written by Thomas Jefferson, he wrote a quote on how we can have a lot of things done, when we put the effort to do it." Determine never to be idle... It is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing". It determines your personality, and helping others may recompense yourselves. We can achieve many goals by making things work the way we want it. And we do accomplish more when we are always doing the things we have to get done. It helps you a better person.There's a lot of people in this world that feel unless, because they think that they can do anything, we can help them. It feels satisfactory on changing life's, making things go other way for others. You must have the enthusiastic on getting things done. To make a lot of things work, and to make sure were helping others. It is fantastic when you achieve your goals, because you can see the effort you put to get things done. Help homeless who does not have food or somewhere to live. By starting on making an effort, and changing life's we can help homeless. Sometimes they feel like they don't have no one. Help others, and you will have done many things for the future of someone. And whenever you need help someone will help you back. Give back what you receive and be kindness. It determines that you can change someone else life. If we are not the ones that help others who else is going to do it. It must be difficult, but we can change someone else's life. You will be successful when you accomplish your goals, or helping others. We accomplish more when we do good things for people that really needs it. We can do it ourselves to see the different in the things or jails in this life. In my conclusion, you must help others because whenever you need it they will help you back. Be different from others, never let others tell you cannot do it. Because if we do it we accomplish more, and we feel honored to see someone else happy for what we have been doing or accomplish our goal. We can do it even if they let you down telling you, you can not do it. Must people don't like to see you accomplishing your goals, they feel unless because you did try, even if they told you couldn't do it. Accomplish what ever you want in life to be successful, and if we are always doing something we will get to where we want to go.