Showing kindness to others is very important because people see you that you have a kind soul, people can spread kindness around the world, and kindness will help you throughout your future. Kindness is the key for success and enjoying your life. The world would not been the same if there were not any kindness, imagine what it would be like if no one knew what kindness is. Having kindness in your blood could change your future to an even better one. Having no kindness means that you are negative and miserable but all that could change when a person shows you how kindness could change your personality. When people see you showing kindness, that shows that you have a good heart and a good soul. And, it also shows that you care and very nice so, people could trust you. Thinking kindness is very positive and relaxing because it is a very good thing to do in life. Kindness will never be a bad thing because it is meant to change the future. No matter what, kindness could never go wrong as long as you try it to others. Spreading kindness around the world could change how people think, in terms of doing something bad is not part of kindness. Therefore, giving kindness to a person could spread around the world, and you would not even know that all this kindness was because of you. Without kindness, all the virtue words would not even exist. There would be no such things as being caring, loving, sharing, humble, and so much more. Every small kindness you show to others, will change their emotion and follow your action as they did to you. Kindness will really help you in the future because it shows you who you truly are. If you show kindness everywhere then there could be a chance for you to get into jobs easily or, for you to get good grades on your school work. Also, in the future you would be very grateful that kindness brought you here into this amazing life, and all the kindness you have done in your previous years. Kindness is always by your side. You will appreciate having kindness in your life because it helps you to become a better person. Kindness will not randomly appear to you, you just need to make and share kindness. Life is waiting patiently for the people to spread kindness everywhere but, unfortunately some people would not let that happen. In our expectation people should already have kindness for, in reality thousands of people do not want to share their kindness. Some people are trying to spread kindness because they want the world to be a good place for the future. Finally, kindness will always be their in your heart, you just have to let it out.