"Cell phones", for the main statement I must evacuate cell phones in school time. Students are often breaking "expectations" about using your cell phone in class. But some schools choose to use cell phones for educational purposes only during that time. Now, we should be able to see why cell phones are doing to the students of any school. Cell phones may disrupt students' work, make them feel misplaced, and make them rebellious. Cell phones may disrupt students' work. This may happen when students play games or text in their cell phones. Probably when students might make them less focus on their work just checking social media. Students of many ages have trouble enough with their homework and also classwork. May cell phones be causing this to begin with? Maybe, just so we know cell phone may disrupt students' work. Cell phones may make them feel misplaced. What I mean for that is a student just be on their cell phones a lot, a student may just feel better on their phone instead of doing work. Which makes the student disconnect with class time. Not even using it to complete work making an opinion sound like a fact. As we know cell phones may make them feel misplaced. Cell phones may make them rebellious. Another meaning by this is to disrespect authority. "Authority" means the staff of the school of any kind of departments. Some students in blood are rebellious, but not the man made kind. They may feel furious when criticize for anything done on phone. They may feel like that anytime with the main disturbance of the classroom. So cell phones make them rebellious. Next, our argument against cell phones is extremely important to all others expect the students. Students will fight back other supporters of the opposite answer he's been fighting against. My counterargument settles the fact cell phones are not good in classroom for any time. Now, students would be more efficient without cell phones than with cell phones. So, this has settled against everyone. In conclusion, Students think their doing a great work with a cell phone in deck. But in reality, it is making you more and more dependent with your mind. But many people actually learn from it. Either you have a learning style or make great grades with cell phones must see the negatives of this. Other students using cell phones may disrupt students' work, make them feel misplaced, and make them rebellious.