A positive attitude is the key to success in life. Can you imagine the world without positivity? Some people are doing successful achievements through the positive attitude, but others have a discrepancy to that. I believe that positivity attitude is important because positivity points to the healthy mental health, genial and successful accomplishments. To begin with first reason, there are successful and unsuccessful people in the world. We are all humans, and we all have feelings, strengths, weaknesses. Usually, those weaknesses make me stronger and give me lessons, and good lessons bring the keys to the successful doors. Life is like a school, teaches, tests, grades. However, my attitude decides who I want to be, but the importance is in being positive. Another reason, "being positive" for me means being patient. For example, the person who is admiring me every time. He is my father. I know all of his experiences connected with his job. There were a difficult times too but because of his positive attitude, he is at professional level of his military career. I remember, when he had strict bosses, not very loyal friends, when we had the money shortage. My parents teach me every time: "It doesn't matter where are you, be mature show them respect, take your community to the positive sides, be kind. Therefore, it will help you to be successful". On the other hand, some people say that the world is difficult and success is not in the positivity because there are other things like money, good community, good education. Yes, that is true, but thinking positive and having efforts to accomplish something, that is already success. Success doesn't mean being rich and eminent. For me success is when I follow my dreams, help people, motivate them to be positive. However, there are the times when there is no place positivity, like loosing someone, or being responsible for something, hurting someone's feelings. Eventually, to be successful in life, I have to stay positive in difficult situations. I like to be humor, when I want to cry. I am responsible for my life and I choose positivity to achieve accomplishments to be better and helpful to the community because that would help me to be successful and success makes the bliss!