Many students become involved in extracurricular activities to enrich their educational experiences, and some even become involved in so many activities that they have little time to study or complete homework assignments. Schools should limit on how many extracurricular activities they can do, having too much will cause confusion among students in class and too much is always not good. Having their families decide for them is an option, but the best decision should be for the school, for they know how well the student is doing. Research from age between 21 and 26 shows that 95% of them wanted to decide for their children, They wanted the best for them and the best they will do, That is the job of the parents. A blog back in 2006 shows that people who decide for their children most likely to get a job than people who decide on their own.Research conducted back in 2010 shows that 80% of people prefer to decide for themselves, having them to decide will greatly benefit their mind and shows that they are responsible on how they act. They like to choose their own path and find their own talent. Finding their own talent shows responsibility, and having responsibilities at a young age takes courage, dedication, and hard work. Having too many activities will also cause a lot of their energy to get drained, they won't have any energy to spare for other activities like cooking for dinner, or doing assignments. The school should keep track on every student's activities, This ensures their safety and heath. Having every energy drained from your body is bad, and the school should keep track at their time as well. Having more energy will greatly benefit their health. The school is partly responsible for the students, but the parents are most responsible and should know what their children's are doing, if they think their doing too much, they should talk to them and have a simple chat about overworking. The school can also add a one simple rule where people who have 3 activities or more should be given time at the end of each classes 15 to 30 minutes free time to discuss with their teacher on how well they are doing and to do missing work or assignments. In Generic_City, Philippines, University of Many Toto mas, Practice this method. Research from this school shows that students have increased their grades when they added this rule back in 1996, it increased from the average of 3.0 GPA to 4.1 GPA, This huge increase show's that adding this simple rule will benefit not only the students' health, but their grades as well. Hard work is good personal ethnic, but too much can lead to more bad than good, studying many subjects at one time can cause confusion and stress, The schools job is to teach students, and the students' goal is to learn from school, if they want to learn an extra subject or do an extra activity, that's fine, but along as they don't over do it. The school system should ensure students safety to be top priority, and if their wearing themselves out with the extracurricular activities, they should notify their parents or limit how many extracurricular activities they can do.