It has been said that a positive attitude is the key to success in life. Although some people think that a positive attitude will not help a lot of help a lot to be successful, actually that is not true. A positive attitude is the key to success because, we can always be out of stress and bad thoughts, we can always have a high confidence about ourselves and for something good to happen, and we can always have a good and friendly personality with makes others to feel good about helping us, and we can use their experiences in our lives. Here are some reasons that explain why a positive attitude is the key to success. The first reason, is we can always be out of Streisand bad thoughts. For example, when we are in the bad situation, and we don't know what to do, if we have a negative attitude you will be filled with bad thoughts and anxiety, we can't think properly and find the right solution. The second reason, is we can always have a high confidence about ourselves and for something good to happen. For example, if you are studying for our test, and if you have a high confidence, and you are certain that you will pass the test, you will absolutely pass it. And last but not least the third reason, is we can always have a good and friendly personality which helps others to feel good about helping us. For example, if we have a problem, and we don't know how we can choose the right way to love our problem, when we have a good and friendly personality it'll make other people to feel good about helping us, and we can use our experiences in our lives. We have been talking about the benefits of having a positive attitude and how is helpful for us to love our problems and have a healthy mind. These reasons such as, first, we are always out of stress and bad thoughts, which makes it difficult to think in the right way. Second, we are always had a high confidence about ourselves and for something good to happen, which this gives us strength and make it easier for us to solve our problems. And third, we are able to have good and friendly personality, which makes other people to feel good about helping us, so we can use their experiences, are little details that effects a lot in our lives. Therefore, let's put all negative things aside and encourage everyone to have a positive attitude.  