In the past, I was scared to go beyond at what I was good at which was soccer. I agree with what the quote which said, "Unless you try something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow." because if you stay at the limits that you were already at before you'll never know what other things you can accomplish and we as people have to acknowledge the fact that in one point in life you probably said to yourself" I am going to maintain this life." by saying that you're not improving your life. I agree with what the quote said, "Unless you try something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow." if you stay at the limits that you were already at before you'll never know what other things you can accomplish. To begin with, you want to go beyond standards because maybe you'll learn something new, or you will encounter an ability that you probably thought you didn't have. For example, when I was in freshmen in high school I decided to start playing and training for soccer and I tried out for the junior varsity soccer team I told myself I am going to play at my standards, so the coach saw me playing nervous, and he asked me" why are you playing nervous" I said," I am trying to play at my standards" the coach said, "Just relax." after that I found out I had so many abilities to become a great soccer player. In addition, it's not bad at all trying to go beyond your limits because the more you go beyond your limits the more you'll want to keep doing it. Also, there's that one saying" Go Big Or Go Home" one of the sayings I live up to. Finally, you always want to think big for the most part of your life. Also, you always want to try new things in life that's the only way you'll grow in life. I agree with what the quote said, "Unless you try something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow." we as people have to acknowledge the fact that in one point in life you probably said to yourself" I am going to maintain this life." by saying that, you're not improving your life. To begin with, life is short to be honest you, and I am still trying to do things to improve my life. For example, I am 17 years old in high school, I listen to with one song called "the nights" by ACICI. He talks about his dad telling him you always want to experience new things and try to live life to the fullest, so right there I am just saying to myself don't maintain the same life, try to experience new things in life period. In addition, don't have a simple life try to be creative in this life. Also, you might not be ready to go beyond your limits, but just know that one day you might be willing to give it a try. Finally, there was one time I was scared to go on big roller coasters. I could only go on medium roller coaster because they didn't look scary at all, but there was moment on the day I told myself I'm getting a big roller coaster, so I did, and it made feel good about myself because I tried something new.Also, some people may say that, you will grow even though you don't try anything new in your life. In addition, some people probably don't even care about life. Finally, others might have their own opinions about this topic. Also, some wouldn't really care about. In conclusion, in the future I will try to improve my limits and think big.  