Technology is one of the big reason behind the success of this world. Because of the technology peoples are able to do a lot of progress in the different field's of their lives. The technology makes our work easy. It helps you to save our time. Technology also help us to run a lot of businesses. But on the other hand most of the peoples do the misuse of technology and use it in different ways for example robbery, hacking,and the murders of different peoples. It also effects a lot on our new generation by inventing and by adding a bunch of Vedic games in their computer or their phones. In past if you want to read the book and to write a book for reading you have to go to the library and find the book and read it or if you want to write a book you have to collect a bunch of papers and ink, and it takes a lot of time to do it but, now because of the technology we are able to access every book online and we are also able to write a book on the computer that saves our money to buy the papers and ink. It also saves our time. In Businesses the technology is really important because of this we are able to handle our money because the technology shows us in business that how much profit we get and how much we spend on the stocks and how much we spend to buy our products, and also you can get your money in the form of direct deposits so quickly. We don't have to wait a couple of months to get our money. So, the misuse of technology is also one of the big reason. The hackers hack the different websites and crash their important data or sometime's they enter into the websites of bank's and transfer their money to a different account. Most of the peoples use the technology for Robert or murders. They follow the person for the couple of days and check their every history that what time he's in his home or what time he's out from his home. So when they see's that nobody is at home. They go and do the robbery. Most of the teenagers and children's do a lot of misuse of technology. They spent tar lot of times in watching movies or playing the Vedic games of different types or kind. The rays that come from either our computer or our mobile might also affect eyes sometimes really badly. So in real if we have the advantages of technology we also have the disadvantages of technology. Because every thing have opposite side. So, we are not able to do anything with the disadvantages, but we are able to overcome the disadvantages. If there is no technology the world might be nothing. Nobody knows each other from a long distance. We still have a ruler system on us. Without technology, we are also not able to establish the well maintained govt. and if there is no technology its mean no social media, and we are not able to interest with each other from a long distances.