I believe schools should allow cellphones in classrooms because, If someone needs to call you, family emergency, and it could also be used as learning tool. Although sometimes cell phones in school might be used for personal reasons like social media the pros of being able to use your cell phones in school outweigh the cons. In today's current society millions of people use electronic devices at work and school, Schools should implement more use out of technology and let kids use their phones in class to help complete tasks assigned to them, for example, If a kid does not want to use a dictionary and to find a word he can easily just look up the words meaning on the internet using his phone. If someone needs to call you during school they can easily do it by just dialing up your number instead of having to call the school. It is much easier to call someone during school on there cellular device instead of having to call the school wait for the school to find the classroom the student is in and then transfer the call to the student in that classroom. In case of a family emergency, parents, relatives will call you on your phone most likely they will not call the school. I have had personal experiences with that as my parents do not contact the school when they wish to speak to me, they call me on my cell phone. Implementing better rules in school for cellphone usage is beneficial, instead of punishing a student for having there phone out in the classroom the school should make better use out of cellphones by allowing students to have them out and or use them. More schools, classes are making it easier to access assignments that can be completed online, you can view what assignments you have to complete in class by using your cellphone instead of being overwhelmed with paperwork, your tasks can be completed online. I believe schools should allow cellphones in classrooms, it will make learning in class easier due to the easy access of the internet, in case of family emergencies and for any other reason you might need it. Cellphones are in a lot of students lives, and we should punish them for having today's technology in classrooms.