Society as it is now needing to support teenage safety, and a curfew would be a great start. Parents should support being more strict with their children's. Even on the weekend a midnight curfew is more than enough time to enjoy themselves. It is very dangerous at night, and anybody that is out after midnight increases their chances of doing wrong or becoming a victim. Teenagers are still learning how to fit into this puzzle of life, and without a curfew to guide them bad things are bound to happen. Teenagers do not understand when their parents tell them no, and think a curfew is not needed because they are invincible and bad things never happen to them. Teenagers need to learn that being more responsible, mature, and becoming a contributing member of society starts with having limits. Curfews will benefit not only teenagers, but society as a whole. Teenagers think being responsible is not a good thing, because they never want to be told what to do. If you want graduate from high school you have to be responsible. Going out after midnight is not being responsible. I have already loss friends to violence, and it occurred late at night. I have friends that have jobs, and they work after midnight even on school nights. They have trouble staying awake in class, and their grades are not good. A curfew would also address this situation and help them succeed in school. Being mature at sixteen is hard for some, but it needs to happen. Parents need to show their children part of maturing is doing the right thing. Being mature is understanding that you do not need to be outside late at night. Maturity helps us understand that in life we can not always do whatever we want. I have friend that complain about not being able to stay out late, but as they mature they will understand that a curfew really helped keep them safe. Going outside after midnight is very dangerous. Teenagers must understand that with everything that has gone on the past decade with gun violence, drugs, and robberies; most of it occurred late at night. There is a reason that most places are closed late night, and there is really nothing to do late at night. Teenagers need to value their safety, and know that whatever they can not do before midnight does not need to do. Curfews can help with this mindset and keep teenagers safe. To reiterate, society as it is now needing to support teenage safety, and a curfew is crucial part in making this happen. Parents should support being more strict with their children's curfew. Midnight is more than enough time for teenagers to experience life. There is really nothing good for teenagers out past midnight. Teenage life is one of the most difficult times in our lives as we still are trying to constantly learn. Teenagers do not understand when they are told why they can not do something or how to deal with rejection. Teenagers need to learn that being more responsible, mature, and becoming a contributing member of society starts with having limits. Curfews are necessary if our society wants to continue to grow in the right direction.