Some schools have programs where younger students can work with older students. For example, At my school there's homework club right after school. Teachers of all sort of subjects comes to the library and help out with your questions. The teachers also let you communicate with any grade level students. So I think that students of all ages should interact with each other. So I think it can help younger students understand if they can't capture the meaning, or they need an older student to clarify for them. Because younger students look up to the older students. Meaning that when there the oldest in the school or one of the oldest, they can help out kids/students who need help and use the same strategy that the older student thought them when they're younger. So then, the younger students would always want to go to the programs that the older students go to for some help. It benefits for the older students because, For example, If one of the students wanted to become a teacher and is really shy, Then they can work on their communication skills on the younger students and become more secure about themselves and become a teacher. For example, When they were teaching they young ones, they could use that exact same strategy when they were "teaching" when they were young. It definitely can help both because, It can help with communication skills and meet new people you've never meet i your life, And then later on in the future you'll become perfect friends with them. This can help out a lot not only one way but a lot, Because if you're the young one then you still have a long way to go. And if you're the older one then if you thought you can pursue your teaching carrier then you still have a chance to be a teacher in life. In conclusion, My essay was yes. Why? Because some younger students parents didn't go to school, or finished school. So they have no one to ask for help. But this isn't only for homework club, this can be for any activity or program there's in the school. It can be sports, cooking, teaching, etc. For example, If you played a sport, and you were the youngest, you can ask the oldest for help. Like how can I improve my skills, or how can I improve my passes, etc. So yes I think all schools should let every age group in a certain activity or program. 