Elective classes are chosen by student who are interesting to be part of it. Many studentsProbably prefer to have an elective class because they are learning what they like, and will be less difficult for them to understand the class. In my position students should be required to take elective classes because they attend to school every day, students are taught in what they want to learn and students are much success in class. Many students do not attend to school in order to not have a class that they do not like. Students that use to not attend school is when he/she have a class that is not interesting to learn; they may think that the class is not important enough to help them in a future, and letting students take elective classes probably will stop the absence of many kids because they will want to know new things about the class. Furthermore, if students have an elective class they will have that excitement to start the class on time and not be late, neither to miss school any day because of their interest of learning. Students should be guide in what they may think is useful and much helpful for them. In some school people had heard that many students are taught In things that may not be needed in life like art, some students take art because they like that class and probably because In the future they Might be planning to become an art teacher, but for others is preferable to select an elective class that will manage her/ him to be successful. As a result of take an elective class can be a tool for students to discover what subject is most important for them to have knowledge and have the passion of keep learning.However, others may say that students should be required to take a music, art, drama class because students can have entertainment having this kind of classes, but I still be thinking that students should be required to take an elective class because learning what they like, they put much effort to get knowledge and good grades, for example study, pay attention to what the teacher is saying participating in class or any other activity. Moreover, obtain good results of what they decide to choose to become a successful student. Students who take elective classes have the advantage of learn what is interesting for them, and be success no just in class also might be helpful for students in a future. Be able to choose a class is a good opportunity because it helps students to be interesting in new projects, know new things and obtain a good education at school. Obtain a good education might encourage students to be successful in other classes and in other places.