Have you ever wanted an advice, but you ask more than one person? By listen different advice or opinion you have to ask more than one person. When people want an advice they ask more than 1 person because they want to hear different advice to make sure they don't make mistakes, and they want to hear the right advice. I think people should ask for advice to more than one person, because maybe the first person that they ask for advice were wrong. For example, when I need an advice I always ask my parents first. I always ask both of them, but sometimes they always have different opinions, parents always have the right advice for you, but the problem is the sometimes they both give you different advice. Sometimes they told you advice that you might not like, or the one that you weren't looking for, and that's when I ask other people about advice like my teachers, friends, brothers, cousins, principals. Just to hear what you wanted to hear or the right decision. Without a doubt, I would ask more than one person for and advice, to hear about others people situations. Clearly, I would ask multiple people an advice because you never know who's wrong or who's right, but at least people give you different opinion, so they're giving you ideas about what you can't or can do. On the other hand if you ask only one person for an advice that person might be wrong, and you might to a wrong decision. People should listen to all the advice that people give to them. I always listen to all the advice even if they're wrong I just need to make sure not to make the wrong decision. Sometimes I make mistakes by not listen to the right people. People ask more than one person because when the first person that you ask, and they told you something different, what you really wanted to hear. For example, I personally like to ask my parents for an advice first, but sometimes I don't like what they say to me, so that's when I ask other people like my friends, sometimes you think your friends are right not your parents. But let me tell you something parents are always right it doesn't matter if you don't like them or whatever, but they're always right they will never will give you the wrong advice. I can make the right or wrong decisions because I'm a human and everyone had made wrong decision in their life. But sometimes people give you the wrong decision. When I ask for advice to multiple people, you have to make the right decision. Those people might be right or wrong. I think that asking more than one person for advice is right because you never know who's right or who's wrong.