I agreed with Author Ralph Waldo Emerson" Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow" which is sure. Hardworking pays you back! Some people think they become rich by nature, every time knowledge need to upgrade, and to keep our wealthy life need to work hard. First reason, most of the time people think they become rich by nature. Which means they become well-to-do when they were born. I personally do not support this idea because behind every success they are a hardworking. For example United States of America is number one powerful country in the world but, before America got that name there was a lot of sacrifice. In my opinion If we dig the ground, and we found the piece of gold that is not wealth that is a sign of destination, that means until we got the gold reservoir do not stop excavate. Second reason, when a year change lots of thing change. For instant knowledge. Now days technology discover the world. In this case every time knowledge need to upgrade. If you have degree in the field of IT in 2016 and, still you did not upgrade your knowledge you are out of the game. The system or the carefuller is change so fast we need to jest our speed to run with the generation. If we need to grow what we have, we need to try something. Inaddition, to keep our wealthy life we need to work hard. For example Bill Gate is wealthy man in America he has everything house, car and money. Bill gate does not say I have everything I do not need to work after this time. He is working hard like us. Because unless he did something to grow his wealth he will go to lose what he has. This is real life by any means if we stop trying we lose everything work, food, money, and family. The key is work hard do not Give Up. In conclusion, we need to do something or try our best to live our wonderful life. I strongly support Author Ralph Waldo idea. Dreams are not something to wait for; they are something to work for. Which means works are the rode to get our dreams. Today is a great day to learn something new.