Have you ever struggled in school and needed extra help, Well I have struggled in school and i didn't like it, so then teacher came up with a great idea to help kid that need extra help with homework or a specific subject the idea was called a homework club. Homework clubs can be useful for kids that can't do there homework at home because they do not have Wi-Fi. Kids can stay after school and be in the homework club if they do not have computers at home to do essays. Homework clubs can also help you get better in a subject like math because you can get more 1 on 1 help with a tutor. Homework clubs can also be used for kids who are in a sport or after school activity the homework club would let you get your homework done quicker in school so that you can go to your after school activity on time. For example if a kid has an F in math and a teacher gives him extra credit work to do and the kid doesn't understand the work the homework club with be there with tutors to help the kid understand and finish his work. I believe that homework clubs would be a great way for kids to learn more about the subject they are studying in class. Sometime don't you feel like your teacher is explaining something too fast and you don't really understand, Well the homework club can help you with that the homework club will get you a tutor to explain to you more about the subject. Have you ever been in class and kids are talking well in the homework club you would have peace and quite so that you could do your work in peace? Have you ever had that one class you couldn't pass well I have, so what I did was go to the homework club were I had teachers and other fellow students helping or teaching me what i didn't know about the subject I was struggling in. The homework club is also a great way to interact with other student. The homework club is a place for learning not for fooling around so if you want to join the homework club it is because you need help with your homework or classwork. Anyone needing help is math science or in any subject should join the homework club. The homework club can help you raise your grade in the class if you try hard and try your best. The homework club is there if you want to get your homework done is school so that when you get home you can relax. The homework club also has lots of benefits because you can learn more than other kids, and you can get special attention from your tutors so that you can learn more in class. In conclusion the reason why I want to create a homework club is to help kids that need extra help in class. I also want to help kids who can't do there homework at home because they have no Wi-Fi. I would like to help kid who is a teacher aren't really teaching good, so they can have a good grade in that class. I would like to help kids that need special attention to learn. These are all the reasons I think schools should have homework clubs.  