Do you think it is a good idea for students to commit to a career at a young age? You can think about you own opinion, and get in your own word your conclusions and read the 2 reason and one example, ideas and one view the prompt follow the answers in the same tittle.2 Reason. Good and bad.1. Good reason... I think some students need to commit to a career at a young age because the young age, see the world in different forms, when the older people don't see any more became, where seen different because if something gift stop I get stop, but the young students are different.2. Bad reason. I think is bad too because you young you see the world in different around you but is good too because you can think the everything impossible for older;. Is any stop for your show that you get a opportunity, but the reality is different. Example. If you go to High School if you here in 10 grade, but you get 17 years old, and you get a job because you have a single mother if the work of you mom its impossible for pay everything what you need for survive. You stop to go of follow you career, and you said i don't due anymore, why because you see the real what is happening, and you need something else, but when you think and young world you said I can help my mother and I also too I can finish my career too because you see if you want or need something you can get. Ideas. Young age Students can get more Imagine. Can think that everything is possible. Can get more opportunities for the future. Some true reason that you can see example. The young age student is the future the tomorrow conclusion. Anything can stop you, if you are student young age because is not matter in you age but you think you can cue, and you show how you are ?you can cue everything nothing is impossible because you can get stop in you career or you goals only if you permit this in you future or now everything is depend on you, and the young age is the future of tomorrow is something that I can say is true. View the Prompt. Do you see the all conclusion that people can get in the hands, but older that is not mean that you feel ready for what you what that is mean, you feel ready and you what is happening, and you now can say when you need the stop and get you own conclusion the... I see one video that now the young age student that older said not because you young you don't born for this or for stupid reason now that young age student have money and power and the society or margin that human create. The reason why? Is because they never forgive when style young age what people want and need for they futures.