Has the limitation of human contact due to the use of technology had positive or negative effects on people's lives? I believe that it is a negative way for people to have too much technology, one reason is because, people get to be more lazy, another reason is that people don't put much effort on what they are doing, and the last reason is that people get to be shy or nervous whenever they go out. People get to be more lazy on the way that technology can bring them everything to their doors: clothes, food, kitchen stuff, etc. They can do everything by only moving one finger, they don't have to make any eye contact with others. If people are always using technology they are not going to put much effort on what they are doing: paper works, homework, projects etc. They just can copy and paste stuff, it is better what they have in their minds, talk with someone else about it, socialize with others, so they can have more ideas, one person can explain it to each other, so they get to understand it better, be proud of what they did and not what technology did for them, see their skills. Sometimes people get to be shy or nervous when they go out because they are used to order things by technology, they are just on their cell phones and not socializing with human contact, most of the stores have machines, so they can get to pay without looking or talking with another person, that way people get to be more insecure of themselves when they have to socialize: job interviews, going to college, making a group when they're at school etc. With technology, people get to be more dumb in the way that technology does everything for them. It is better to get up and explore the world, give some effort on what they are doing, and meet new people. Some people while they are walking down the street, and they see another person coming they just look at their cell phones, so they don't make any eye contact with other people. It is really sad what's happening with our society. While some people believe that technology is a positive way to grow as society however, I think It is making the people to not explore the world or socialize with others. Without technology kids would be in the parks playing games with other kids, having fun, exercising, learning new stuff outside, and not being in their cell phones playing video games, watching cartoons or YouTube videos that is not going to help them in their futures. 