Do I agree or disagree that "Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow? In my own opinion I say I would agree in my 17 years on this earth that I have to agree because if you stay to comfortable you won't do anything in life you will want it all easy and not try to strive for the best version of yourself. You can stay comfortable, but it won't help because you're just wasting time and effort that you could become a better human being and spread your knowledge with other people. You should always try to strive to become the best you can be. I say people should agree on this because not trying to fix your or improve yourself is not the best way to go. Like they shouldn't disagree I say because it not a bad or good thing, but it would be amazing to push yourself and be more educated get pain a lot for having that big of a knowledge and use it think help people that can't help themselves. Us humans should help everyone we can even if it's little people sometimes don't ask for help but if they don't ask you tell them you need help. Some people also may disagree because they might think only about themselves, or they think that there at a good point that they don't have to try anymore or try there very best they think thieve mastered the problems and situations. They think that they can't learn anything else, but there wrong we human beings can always learn something more strive to be better humans, father, mothers,sons, daughters etc... but the point is don't settle for okay do more. We Should learn not to stay cozy you should try to improve a bit every day or learn something new help yourself and help each other out if they need help or if you need it learning and talking to other people won't hurt you so likeAuthor Ralph Waldo Emerson wrote "Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow"is a true fact, and you should try to be a better human or person in life and become someone that people can look up too.