I believe technology has limitation human contact with other people is a negative effect on our lives. The reasons are, they buy thing online that are not good, and they start to become lazy, communicant becomes hard for them. Purchasing online things are not always great. When you do purchase it online sometimes they don't always tell the truth and when your getting phones or other things like clothes or makeup. This thing you never know if its used or brokering and if someone could have warn it too. Also, food that are buy online are not fresh, and they could Carey germs. Take for example when you go out you look at the food to see, which one is good and which one is bad but when your online you can't tell what you're getting. This cause people to become lazy. People become lazy because of how much stuff there is on online and games, TV shows. Therefore, people rather watch a TV show then go out with there family. This is bad for people because this can cause people to become depressed, more stress about online chats and what there saying online or watching a TV show;but you wish you could be that person. People will stop going outside. Take for example YouTube, YouTube is the most used media, but also there are non-stopped videos they can go on forever and people stared to thing they have to many things to do. This cause peoples communicant with others harder. YouTube cause people to give up. Communicating is becoming harder for people because they don't face to face talk anymore. Now they use phones more. Phones are used for texts, calling. So why is communicant important? Communicant is the main thing in your life it brings people together, and you need it for jobs. Jobs where you have to work with other people and help people that buy from you. Take for example Generic_Name is the co work and Generic_Name is the costumer, Generic_Name doesn't talk to people that much because she texts more, therefore, when Generic_Name came up to her ask for help. She didn't help because she doesn't like talking to people. Therefore, technology has limitation human contact with other people is a negative effect on our lives. I believe these are the reason, they buy things online that are not good, and they start to become lazy, communicant becomes hard for people. Peoples need to use less technology and try to open there self to the outside world and hang with their friends and family or read books. Some will still choose to use technology today.