Albert Schweitzer said, "Example is not the main thing in influencing others; it is the only thing." However, it is a good example by your own behavior the best way to influence other people. People may follow every step you do, because they want to success in life by being influences by others. It is the main thing to show people that they can do what they think they are not able to do. First reason is, People may follow every step you do, because they want to success in life by being influence by others. For example, my friendGeneric_Name has a son, who according to her, he wants to be a lawyer. Generic_Name husband whose name is Generic_Name is a lawyer. Although their son Generic_Name is taking only math classes in collage, which it has nothing to do with laws. Generic_Name and Generic_Name want to influence Generic_Name to become a lawyer. But Generic_Name is being influence by his Algebra class teacher. Generic_Name has a very high score on math, and his Algebra teacher believe that Generic_Name can be a math teacher in a college. Generic_Name teacher knows how hard he works to do everything right and how his behavior it is showed. Another reason is, It is the main thing to show people that they can do what they think they are not able to do. For example, when my brother was nine years old he wanted to be a Pilot, but he was just really scared of heights. When my brother graduated from high school he wanted to go to Army. Somehow my mom find out that he really did not want to do that what he really wanted to do was being a Pilot. My mom is a Flight Attend, and she told my brother that some people will say you are too weak to do this and that, but they actually do not know what you are capable to do. With those words my mom influence my brother, and now he is a Pilot, and he works for the Air Force. My mom gave him an example that no one believed on her the only person who believed on her was her mom. As my mom says," Don't let other people think you are not able to do things, which they're not able to do." Some people may think that there are better ways to influence others. However, it can be true, but people get more influence by examples. There are not many ways for example, if someone who is very important who wants to influence someone else who is not that important to become important as they are. Does not mean this person is going to have the same luck to become really important. Do not let other people influence you by other ways, let them give you an example of how you are going to success. In conclusion, It is a good example by your own behavior the best way to influence other people. To teach them what it is good and what it is wrong to do. Given your own examples and teach them how to behave. Dot let people think that example is not the main thing to influence others.