Author Ralph Waldo Emerson wrote, "Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow." He believes people should try to do something new beyond what they already know. Being good at new things can make you feel more confident with yourself. I agree that people should try to do something new beyond what they already mastered because trying to do something new can make you feel more confident and experimenting something new can make you discover more about yourself. To begin with, trying to do something new can make you feel more confident with yourself. People can be more success in life knowing more things. If people are always scared on doing something else they will not have experiences in life, and It can be hard for them to grow. For Example, I was working in a restaurant for so long I really knew how to do that job, but I wanted another job to get more money; however, I was scared on getting a new job, I thought I was not going to be good in at that, then someone told me that I should try that I will never know if I am good at something if I do not try. Now, I'm working in a new job, I am more confident, and I am one of the best workers in the restaurant. Therefore, If people do not try to do something new because they do not feel like good at that, they will never know if they were one of the best. Growing is part of trying if you failed, then you will learn from your experience. Second, experimenting something new can make you discover more about yourself. Sometimes you have to let go what you already mastered and start experimenting more about life, so you can not be stacked on the same thing. Grow is difficult for the people who do not have experiences in life. For instance, When I came to this country I was so scared on learning a new language and how people will treat me, but start interacting with new people, learning about their countries, and trying different foods. Now, I can say that I have learn so much from other people and I realized that interacting with other people can make me grow in a way that I can feel more confident when I am around people. So, experimenting something else can make people matured and smart as well. On the other hand, some people say that trying to do something beyond what you already mastered, do not make you grow. They say that people that are good at something should not be evolved in something else because they could get lost knowing different things, but I believe people will never get lost learning new things, learning is the key of growing. For Example, my friend is soccer player he is perfect, and he started learning to play baseball, he became good at both sports. That shows that people can be good at different things at the same time without lost what they already know. Therefore, trying something new can make you good at different things and discover talents that you did not know that you have. To conclude, trying to do something else beyond what you already mastered will make you grow. People can discover more about themselves, grow with the experiences on tying to do something, and if they failed they will learn from that. Life give us that opportunity to mastered different things, learning something new make us be more confident and success on life. We should try to do something else maybe we are not good at that, but at least we try to do it and get something with us. Life could be bored if you are stack doing what you already know and not trying something else.