Some teachers think about the benefits of working with a group or working alone. I feel that working together would be more helpful for all students because they can share more ideas, have less work and can be working with less stress. Students can have a little conversation for get more information, then they can pick one or more ideas for making their work easier. They can argue from each idea that could be more important. All students have different thoughts that can help them to realize a good work. For example, When I was in my country my teacher said that we can choose work together or alone, and I prefer to work alone because I thought that working alone was more beneficial for me, but I was really confused about it. Working together help us to know different option and students can have more social communication. Working together imply to have less work. Students can be taken more opportunities for learning new thing every day, also that can help teachers too. Less work can be helpful for a lot of students because they can realize missing work, extra work and other activities during class. Furthermore, I remember when I was in 6 grade my teacher said that ''less work can help you to have more time for you'' that means that sometimes with less work teachers and students could learn and have more progress. Some classes can be stressful for a many students because teachers need to realize all activities during their classes and sometime students do not understand what they need to do. Otherwise, working together would be easier for students to finish their work quickly. One important fact in my life that never forgot is when my English teacher said that we have just 10 minutes for take the exam, and everyone fails because he was very strict with us. Working with another person have a lot of benefits for reduce stress. Students can help each other and check their own work. In conclusion, Working together could be very helpful for many students who need help for get better grades during the year. All students prefer to work with people who have different option, ideas and new thing that help them. They can have more time for make missing work or do homework during class. Working together would be more beneficial for all students.