A group of students has skill to take decisions, there are a lot ways to do, students can react to any problem, but work alone can be good as a group, people who like work alone have abilities: reasoning, recognize, and expression. Groups were created to share ideas. Therefore, it's not bad get help from other people, everyone says," two head think better than one." Groups make different way to share or send a message, a few people can create a lot, base in their share of thoughts, abilities, and decisions. Groups have the most attention in this case. Elsewhere, work alone is base in just you, and what you know if something that you did it, come to be wrong, you will not share it. If people who like work by their self can't support ideas with reasoning, can't do a perfect project. The change of ideas always will be a good work and the can support your reasons, why you had made it. Work in group include: less work, time, and money, back to work alone you have your own words, spend a lot of your time more than you think, also could take too much time to finish. To different of groups students can do other activities. The group help to students to learn and combine new thought from other students. Friends can help to get a correct answer or do a good work. The importance of groups is that students learn to share, help, and be kind with other students make a friend, besides that learn, help, and teach to other, they make fun their work. Work alone give stress and that show someone who want to make everything by his\herself they share their own ideas. Sometimes work alone can be a good choice, because is you're wrong, you can't blame to anybody. In conclusion, I believe that groups are more helpful for students, because they learn to take other decision and compare. About work alone, I'm not agreed, because you try to do something, maybe that's good, but you're not counted with other ideas, expressions, or declaration of other thought. In my opinion is more beneficial working in groups that show us compare, analyze, and be friendly with others.