Generic_Namesake: 12Teacher: Generic_NameD ate: March 29 2019The philosopher, physician, and humanitarian Albert Schweitzer said, "Example is not the main thing in influencing others; it is the only thing." I agree with this statement because there is no better way to influence others than have a good example by our own behavior. The change start in us to show a good example of habitat, religion, responsibility, respect to others, and over all humility. The first reason is that nowadays the people see and judge of how people look like, how people are dressed, or if people are old or young, in that way they are giving examples to others to judge the people, instead of give a good impression or example to other that everyone needs to love each other like they love their selves, no matter how they are. Respect other to get respect, always kind to everyone no matter who they are. Helping each other everywhere. Be a good citizenship: Pain your bills, respecting the laws, and be a good neighborhood. Because without examples, no one can make differences. The second reason: Be a kind person, study to have a good future. For example: "I am in High School I am graduate this year. I am an English learner. When I came here in US I didn't know how to speak English, but I came to school, I study hard all the words, and I practiced my English. Now I know the language, not at all but I can defend my self. I want to encourage all Hispanic people to learn English or let their child go to school, and I know that is not easy but not impossible. I hope to give a good example for all Hispanics. Furthermore, I will keep doing it to influence them to learn the language of this country." Some people say that there are many ways to influence others like with words and not with actions. However, they are wrong because how people will change without an example of life, like Martin Luther King, he was a great person, and he passed through a lot of things, and everybody knows that he influenced a lot of people in that time and I think that he's still influencing more people even that he is not with us anymore. In conclusion, giving example by your own behavior is the best way to influence others. Encoraging them to learn English, helping each other, loving other no matter their religion. Influencing lives with actions is better than just words. What would happen if no one wants to be an example for others.  