Every person has their own feelings, emotions, and their own talents. But people are thinking that if they that talent or skill, and they can not do that in front of the world or people. As all people have different talent, that they really want to show to people. Before they think about their talent to chance their own world, they will be so nervous that they can't do that. They will be afraid, they will not show that to people that can learn from it. That they can try it on their own life, so they can learn new thing from new people. Over 90% of all people in the world has their own talent or skills because they are being appreciated that who are they, and by believing on their self that how hard they worked. To begin with, one way that all people can develop their talent is by being appreciated on their self that who they are, and how they can change the world. For example, one day it was our first day that we came to America, and I even didn't know that much English that I can talk to person. So one year later I learn some English, and I got to 8 grade, by other day we were going to do the student let decision. I really did not talk that much because I was so nervous about it like how I have to talk in front all the teachers, and students. I wanted to try it, but I couldn't do that. This evidence shows that, being in different country and not knowing their language is really hard. My mom and dad was always trying so hard that one day I will be able to speak English. My mom and dad were always telling me that "always be appreciated that how you got to this level, and think about hoe you can make different talents that people can see, so they can improve it on their life." After that day I told to my self" I always will be able to be appreciated to my self, and by being in this world." As always that one day I will show my talent to people that I never thought of that one day I will learn English too. Clearly, if I wasn't being appreciated to my self, to my teachers, to my family that they were working with me together. I wasn't be able to even write this essay. Now even if I am not that much perfect I am happy that I got to that point that my family and I really wanted. In addition, there is a other way that you can show your talent to people by believing in your self that you can get to your goal by working hard as much as you can do it, and as much as possible. So you can see the result of it by your working hard. For Example, my brother Generic_Name, he is in 12 grade, for him, it was really hard because he was always worrying about his grades, and he was saying "how I can get to finish my12 grade by being a perfect student. He was always wondering about his self, and that how hard will be next year. One day my mom, and dad told him that "if you believe in your self, by that time you already got this." this evidence shows that, Generic_Name couldn't believe on his self. Generic_Name wanted to know that how he can show his own talent. He was always worked hard to improve in his new talents or skills. Now he got to finish his 12 grade by being successful. By next year he will go to collage. Clearly, if Generic_Name didn't listen to my mom, and dad he wasn't able to finish his 12 grade by showing to all of his teacher that how he improved on his talents. In conclusion, developing your talent or skill is a different way or different thing that you can bring it into your own life. By being appreciated and believing in your self that change your life, and bringing a smile up on your family face. As always people want to develop new talent to their own life to make them change, different, and happy. Clearly, being in a different country, far from your own family, And you can't see them. It's really hard for everyone especially me with my family. But I got a strong talent that no one can pull me back from it. For bring appreciated to my have that they were working together with me that I can get to this part. Today I realize that how much I'm improving in own life, in writing, and speaking English. Even if not that much perfect. And like Generic_Name, he believes on his self, and he worked hard that he got to that point. Now he is working hard that he can make this world a better place for his future that is coming up. Clearly, if you want to improve in your own life or in you own talent or skill that is in your heart, and that can show your develop to the people for this world, and it will be applying to your own goals. Always be thankful, be appreciated to your family, teacher that they worked hard for you to learn new things that will persuade you to your new goals. As everyone has a talent to the world, And that way they can change the world too. Always work hard in your life if you want to develop your talent. By improving a skill can make your own place, and your own world beautiful as they can see the result of it at the end.  