Anyone can have a talent or skill, you just need to see what it is. They can help along the way to get you something really helpful, for example collage. Your talent can be playing an instrument, singing, or dancing. A skill can be building things, sports, and cooking. The talent I have is playing a Guitar because it took time, practice, and studying. When you want to do something big it can take a lot of time. Time is what we all need and time can go fast or slow, but that's good because it can really be helpful. Playing the Guitar took a while, but it paid off, mostly because I used my free time to play. Sometimes I can get stress playing mainly by not having much time playing before a concert. It could be hard doing it, but by doing, so I can see my self getting better each day. Practicing could get hard, but if your relax and not think too much you'll see it will be easy. Practicing can make you accomplish anything you've been doing a long time. Doing the Guitar was hard but not too hard because I've been practicing for a while. Playing some songs were fast and long, but when I got home I'd play the song over and over until I got it just right. That's how I know by practicing is really helpful and made me be good at doing the wanted to do the most in life. Some people don't like to study and it's not something we have to do, but something we need to do. I think studying is more of a thing you want to do if you care so much about what you're doing. Studying the notes was one of the first things I had to do before playing the Guitar and the songs. By studying I can see the notes were not that easy to play and also tuning the Guitar, but that's why I studied to see what I was doing wrong. Studying is what I did to be fantastic at the Guitar also being amazing at the concerts. In conclusion, If you want to be awesome at what you're doing you need to use your time wisely, practice, and study. By doing all that you'll see that you will be amazed at what you did. Maybe you can even be famous for what you did by focusing on your goal. To sum this all up just do at what you do best in life maybe it can pay off real good.``