Generic_Name March 20, 2019Do we accomplish more if we are always doing something, or does inactivity also serve a purpose? Some people don't like to be always doing something; however, do we accomplish more if we are always doing something. We can accomplish more if we are always doing something because we don't get bored, we can have a good and healthy life, and we can achieve what we propose. Firts, we don't get bored. For example, if we are in our home, and we are doing something like cleaning the house, or cooking we don't get bored easily because we know how to spend our time. Another example, when we are doing nothing during the day, the day feel so long, but if we are doing something during the day, the day feel faster. Also, when we do something different each day we don't get bored because we don't repeat the same routine each day. In sum, focus on always do something is good to not stay bored. Next, we can have a good and healthy life. I think, if we are feeling sad, or we are having negative thoughts we can start to do always something to distract our minds and feel much better. Additionally, when we are always doing something like activities we can have a healthy life because we can spend our time doing exercises in home or going to they gym. Also, if we don't do any activities, and we just spend our time watching movies or staying in bed, we can get sick because our bodies are not in movement, but if we are always doing something we don't get sick because we are having our body in movement and doing good activities. To conclude, It is important to do always something to have a good and healthy life. Finally, we can achieve what we propose. For example, if we are in high school, and we want to graduate, we have to do always something like go to school every day, do our homework and pay attention to have the opportunity to graduate. Also, when we was to get a job we need to do always something and go to find a new job to have our own money and be responsible. Besides, if we are always doing something we are gone fight for what we want, and we are going to be better persons. To summarize, we have to focus and always do something and achieve our goals. In conclusion, we can accomplish more if we are always doing something because we don't get bored, we can have a good and healthy life, and we can achieve what we propose. For example, We can do activities every day to not get bored, we can have our bodies in movement to have a healthy life, and we can have good opportunities and fight for what we want. For these reasons and many more It's important to do always something, and we can accomplish more.