A positive attitude is more helpful to others and motivational, But one's attitude does not necessarily have to be positive in order to succeed. One's attitude can be either positive or negative as long as it improves one's ability to succeed. There are many keys to success, but attitude is a major key, because attitude introduces or rather shows character. A positive attitude is a great thin but one's attitude can be negative, but it is more over whelming to others and some might not either like or no longer associate with that person. As long as that attitude helps with your success it should not matter what type of attitude you've got.One's attitude is ones guide as it allows more options to come ones way. In a way attitude can guide and help one's path to success, or it could close all the doors to one's dreams and success. On the side of a beneficial attitude; people can really catch the feeling of your attitude. What that means is if the attitude is negative, but it gets things done then it should not matter as long as it benefits the amount of work or what ever is being or getting done. A positive attitude is more or rather feels more rewarding than much of a negative attitude. A positive attitude is more rewarding and dose allow the people getting that attitude to feel more successful and more appreciated. Although a positive attitude is more beneficial it can lead into less work or less process being made and shows that one is not trying hard enough to succeed. By having a negative attitude you're showing to others that your work matters. And by doing so you can encourage others or rather inspire others have a good work ethic by bring your hardest even if someone is pushing you to work negatively. Success come to ones mind, and it overcomes everything if they put their minds to it. Yes attitude is a key to success, but it does not have to be positive if it's beneficial to one in their path of success. I do believe that a positive attitude is more appreciated, but a negative attitude is less appealing. I feel as long as your attitude is improving your work ethic, and it benefits your progress then it should not matter whether or not its positive or negative as long as you have the right mind set you should have a successful work ethic. Your attitude reflect on your work it just depends on how you use your attitude in your work. For example if my boss came in yelling at me saying" get to work you're not getting paid for nothing." that's a negative attitude so that's going to make me have a negative mind but if I can use that frustration and negativity to inspire e to do my work I will notice that all I have to do is do my work and my bosses' attitude will change one me. But if my boss were to have a positive attitude then I could also use that as a motivation as it not only shows me that my boss likes that I do my work, but it shows me that I'm appreciated. I can see that having a positive attitude is more motivational, but one's attitude can be negative as long as it benefits you and others positively. People need to understand that they can use this attitude to benefit themselves. Peoples attitudes are what helps people succeed as it should motivate and help make their attitude more positive through the day knowing you did good enough to improve your self. Attitude is much more than just success, it's the key to motivation.