Most employers are looking for specific characteristics in a potential employee. I'm writing this card for you Mr, Generic_Name totally agree with you are excellent boss, however, in you store for the present, and future you need good employees. I don't have excellent experience for this work, but I'm wonderful candidate for developing, I'm learning strategy really fast, and have the skills for this wonderful work. For take this position I always remember there are three most importantly reason there are time, habits and good attitude for customers, and how to socialize with everybody. I'm honest person and never give up when I have clear objectives, and I demonstrated you Dear Mr Generic_Name my abilities. The first reason is the time and dynamic is very beneficial for our mind and our spirit. Every single day need to respect our Horatio for developing our personal work for perseverance we have all the possibilities on our life to build our own character. We need keep moving forward the curiosity keeps leading us new paths and more opportunities in work, and personal lives. The second reason is habits I think everybody has different actions how organize, and develop more sophisticated method of work this is important, for example, when customers go to the restaurant on weekend the tables, and flour everything need to stay crystal clear. The character we're learning in home we need to put in practice in our work. Aiming high expectations and setting big characters to succeed the consistency and perseverance. The third reason is attitude for developing our work need to stay with people with excellent energy for charger our mind, and everybody demonstrated the costumers we are the store with streaky potential, and very respectful, and kind workers. We have the controlling of store and wonderful attention, and broadly with easy work and constant positivity will make them too soft to compete in the work with struggle attitude have the customers. In will demonstrated our method how interact and socialize with people. Dear, Mr Generic_Name, I'm writing this letter for you take considerably. I'm good worker and have the skills for this store I promise you put in practice my specific reason, for example, time, habits and attitude all these things considered it seems reasonable to implement in the work. They are important how to communicate and demonstrate responsible in my work and developing, and please take consider my personal opinion, thank you.  