Should school have a 3-4 week break in the summer, a longer winter break, and a week off in the spring and fall? People said most students enjoy summer vacation, but some educators feel that the summer break is too long and that students do not retain information as easily when they return in the fall. Some people argue that there should be year round schools, where there would be a 3-4 week break in summer, a longer winter break, and a week off in the spring and fall. However, I believe that students should have a longer summer break because a long summer break will give the student time to travel, spend time with their family, and work in summer. The first thing you can do by having a long summer break is travel overseas without worried about how many days you can stay. By travel overseas you need time to explore the country go around the city, and enjoy yourself. Cause travel in a different country you can learn new thing that you never learn anywhere, or experience the thing that you learn in school like go to a history site that you learn from history class. Traveling is not all about playing around didn't learn anything, but you can have your choose of where you want to go, and what you want to do. There are one type of travel that I think is perfect for student that they're going to have fun, experience, and still learning. It's the tour during summer break with your teacher, and your schoolmate. It's recommend by school where you can come to a country that you learn about their language, and culture in school. There are a lot of different things that you need to get ready to go to another country, so you can't get everything done in a week of spring break. The second thing you can do by have a long summer break are spent time with your family, and friends. When summer come you, and your friends plan to go on vacation together because all of you have the same summer even if y'all come from a different school. Because all the schools doesn't have a same winter break, or spring break that is the reason why you, and your friends can't go on vacation together. Family is the most important thing for everybody. On summer, you can spend more time with your family, or go visit cousin. Summer is the students break, but their parent still have gone to work. The 3-4 week summer break is too short for students to have a chance spend time with their family. For overseas students that even worse they're study in a year, but still don't have a chance to come back to see their family just because the short amount of time that they have for break. The third problem is the student work on summer break most student are got their job during the summer. Because with the amount of time you available to work for them, they will hire you. For a student work in the summer is the best choose when you work on summer you can save a big amount of money to use during the year, and don't have to go work during school year, so you can be more focus in school. With a week off in winter break, or spring break you can't find a job because the short amount of time. Some people say there should be a 3-4 week break in the summer, a longer winter break, and week off spring and fall. It will help the student return to school without forgot everything that they have been learned. However, I disagree with this idea I believe there should be a long summer break by that student can do what they want, and still learning new thing. I think a long summer break is the best time in a year for students travel overseas to study in the United States like me. Because this is the only time in the year we can come back to the motherland to meet us family, and visit cousin. During school year we can't come back to our country to celebrate holiday like Christmas, or mother day...etc. We have to celebrate a lone because the limit of the time won't let us make it home. A long summer break will help the student overseas spend more time with family because there are enough time for them to get ready, and travel a long way home. For students that live in United States you can go travel with your family to make more memory. When students have enough time to enjoy them self in summer it will help them return for school excitingly, so they can learn faster. 