Have ever thought a problem can take you to do your best. Knowing that you made a mistake or have a problem come to you can either ruin your plans or take you to do the best. Duke Ellington said" A problem is a chance for you to do your best". A problem can present in any location but is important for you to not give up to keep trying and to make that problem a new chance were you can try something new. Being able to show your solving a skill can also help you in any location. If you are able to show that you can solve anything and take risk to solve they problem that can be an important step for you to take and try to flip that problem to something good. Show your skill show that you can keep trying and try your best to solve that problem with can take a long time to do but by showing things can also help you in your future.studies show that solving a problem can increase your brain knowledge imagine if instead of solving a problem you can flip it into a good thing, and also help in the future. A problem can come from different situation and from different topics which can help increase your knowledge in that certain topic what happens if you try something new, and it fails that can also can make you or can break you. It can break you in the form that you stop trying and give up or it CNA make you if you don't let that problem take control of you, and you take your time to solve it or turn it into chance. Do your best to solve that problem or take that chance or turn it into a learning process that you know you try your best, and you know you took your time to solve that problem, and you can have that experience in your mind, and you know you learn a lot from that chance that was once a problem, but knowing is a learning experience. All that you learn can help you in the future. And I agree with what duke Ellington said a problem can be a chance of learning. Making a mistake or having a problem fail can teach you a lot of things were you can learn from your failing experience it can sometimes ruin your experience but at the end of the day you learn from that mistake. That problem can present in any location or time. Having the powers to turn that problem into a chance of learning.