Technology has positive effects on people's lives because they can help you with much information that your trying to look up for example if your trying to shop, play games, or even buy or read books. They help you do a lot when you really need it. Technology is not for only buying or doing any other things it's for doing projects in class or an if you're doing your homework, applying for jobs, and applying for college. Here are my 3 reasons why technology is positive for people's lives. First, let's say that you want to go to college, but you can't go to the college because you don't have time or maybe that you just can't go. What you can do is that you can go on your laptop and go to the website and apply there, and you can take your time on it and not have to worry about going there. You can apply to many colleges online and that is really great, so you can get accepted to many colleges out in other countries or states. When my brother was in 12th grade he wanted to go personal to the colleges, but he said some of them were too far and that he didn't want to go because he needed to do something really important and so what he did was that he went online and started applying for 5 colleges, and he got accepted to 4 of them. He said it was not even hard. Having to fill papers with people takes up so much time that you will be there the whole day instead of you doing it online at home and not having to rush up anything and if you mess up the laptop tells you that there is something that you typed up is wrong. Second, If you don't feel like going to the store because your just tired, and you just don't want to go out, but you need some clothes for that night, and you don't have any then what you can do is go online and start shopping there and buy everything you need for that night, and you will be fine without the need of going to the mall or going to any other store. At the same time even tho you're not going out if you shop online there is a possibility that your clothes that you ordered does not fit you, or it might not come on time when you really need it. The process of returning it and everything is just too much. That's why people prefer that it's better to go to the store and just buy it from there. If that was me I would prefer to go to the mall or the store to. When you go to the stores sometimes you have to handle some workers that are aggressive, and they have a bad attitude. I don't like seeing people with bad attitude it makes me mad, and it always makes me just go away and not look at them anymore. Third, In school sometimes you have projects, and you have class work, but you can't find information about your research or anything about your topic or about your class work then you have to find information online. When you ask your teachers what they would say is that go on your laptop and look it up and then go ask your classmates if you can't find anything. For my US VA History project are teachers gave us many websites that we can use, and they were very helpful I got all my information from there. I didn't even have to go ask him for help or anything. Also, when you have tested it's mostly technology because you don't really have test on paper anymore now it's on laptops, and you don't have to write anything now it's only typed it is really easy and fast. Even essays it used to be essays on paper and now it's essays in laptops. In conclusion, These were my 3 main reasons why technology has a positive effect on people's lives. There can be many positive effects on technology but theses 3 were mostly about how technology is even tho you do not interact with other humans face-to-face it is good doing online things. There are better chances that you get many things done, and also you get the chance to have some time off of looking and talking to people. If I were to ask many people which side they prefer they would choose the positive effect side. "It's better technology instead of talking to people".