When you're trying to make something different every day, is the greatest accomplishment. I'm agree about Emerson's Statement ! Well, when you be yourself you every moment want to be something else, something new to know how capacity you have to be yourself. When you thinking in yourself your days be more easy, fun, you enjoy yourself in a world because you are only in the world nobody is like you, you are the only who make the better decisions in your life and is something constantly trying to make you something else because is the most and greatest accomplishment that you have is like a gift that your received, and you need to care. When you're constantly trying to make you something you learn something that you don't know; something that surprise you because you never think that you can do, and you say I can do that thing and I want to experiment more things spontaneous because is better when that things have spontaneous because left better and so cool and impressive to you. Experiment more things new help you to be better every moment, to that these for you can help an others persons when they need our help, when meet with one situation where somebody need help motivate that he or she can do it nothing is impossible, because a lot of peoples in the world don't believe in their self because all that time suffrage bullying they think that they don't serve for nothing they believe in that bad words, is for these reasons that one situation appear in front of our eyes helped, spoke with love, respect,be courteous because when you spoke with one person that have these problems where suffrage bullying, bad words that others peoples say they feel miserable have hatred, resentment and all times they don't want to talk, you need or our need to going to these peoples and spoke with love, love is one of the most good gun that we have is the most important in that around world. A lot of peoples suffrage depression, anxieties, contempt, and racism, and too many peoples lose their lives because they don't support all that bad words, contempt and racism they suicide about that bad situation that they pass, is not necessary to arrive to this situation when we can change that world, stop to that bullying, racism we need to stay up, help these peoples and to these form too we be better persons these help too to our lives to see all that things different and get a solution because nothing is impossible when you purpose to me a good and better person. Is time to care yourself, is time to listen your heart, yours words, and be better for yourself not for that others peoples, is time to return to be you for make that things that you want for you, don't make things for that others peoples see, want at have happy peoples, made because you want to continue with you life, dreams, expectations, careers, and because these make that you feel happy, interesting, confident, sure, cute, fun, and enjoy your victory. We need to get that goods words specific when it's for important persons because they want that better things for you, you don't need to get the bad words that you need to put in the trash so to these form that bad words don't affect you in nothing in your life. Then when you need to be something don't tell to everybody because a lot of time that peoples have envious yours victories then they get a angry thing because have zealous that you did it. The important things spoke with that persons that really is important to you that person helped you to celebrate later your victory with you. Make your things' individuality because that work that you're doing left good, and you have your owns opinions, strategies,problems, situation,statements, solutions you work better when you work individually, like these work on me, when a work individuality I have my owns ideas because when a work in groups I feel that a can't put all my ideas a need to put all that ideas together and them we need to decide for one of the ideas the most interesting and important ideas, for me is better when you work individuality. Trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplished, BEC a use you can learn and make a new thing, because every day our want to change the world with all bad expectations, etc. we need to care whatever word that we spoke to don't hurt anybody with any word all persons in all world needed to be different because a lot of kids in these time what make whatever they want to don't want to make that parents say that is something that we need to change. Yourself is something that need to care because these defined what type of people you are, the values that you have, is something delicate and important; You need to have persons that helped you to be better every moment in your life, person who import good things on you, how stay with you in (bad & good) moments that person you want the best for you, who was happy when you get the victories because that is that things that you received and help you to make that same things with that person, we need to know who really is our friend.-Friend is who really want to support you how really wants good things for you that friends is that care you to do the true and better things. Friend is not who don't help you, how don't care that important things for you that not be friends. All need to see very true who is really a friend. Yourself is something happiness is like an emotional thing that you can share with your family, friend, that important persons for you, in yourself you feel a comfortable with you body because a lot of persons don't feel good with their body and suffrage for these. When you are sure with yourself and believe and yourself you feel happy, emotion, is something that we need to care a lot for no feel bad when a person who don't want to our things that we are doing. When you believe in yourself all around you is happy every moment, hour,minute, second. But most important for me is when I have a most important person in my life God my Lord because he loves me before a born like to be....