Generic_Name has a plan on the future, but she needs to think, and she needs to trust in herself to achieve the plan, and she said that she is like working alone, and she do not want to have friends, and she said that not needed help somebody more. Every people have the opportunity to realize the plan that they have to achieve the dream that they have. To be yourself in a world is the greatest accomplishment because every person have a great dream to achieve on the life or every people take a great decision by to realize a great thing. First, every person have a great dream to achieve on the life. For example: A student have a plan to realize a job, but the student do not want to have friends by to finish the work. Another example: One boy is working in one project by the school, but the boy want to work alone, the boy said if he's working with your partner never to finish the job. Every person have the opportunity to achieve their dream, and every people can try to make something else is the greatest accomplishment. Second, every people take a great decision by to realize a great thing. For example: On boy is playful and do not pay attention on the class, but the boy take a decision of no more play, and the boy start study, and he is so happy because he has a great qualification. Another example: A teacher said at the students that working together buy one student take a decision not working together, and the student that working alone he makes a great job and the others not make anything. All people have the opportunity to take a great decision because every people thinking different, and have a different dream. To conclude, every people take a great decision by to realize a great thing, every person have a great dream to achieve on the life, to be yourself in a world is the greatest accomplishment. Is better to be solitaire because you can achieve a lot of beautiful things alone, and when you make everything you need to take your time and relax yourself. Is better that the people to keep the trust themselves and trust their own decision, if a person love anything to make that person trust in yourself and that person is feeling better when he is alone. 