Do we accomplish more if we are always doing something?, Or does inactivity also serve a purpose?. This question is fairly easy because if you just simply do nothing, Then nothing would be accomplished, Unless you believe in "when the times right etc." but sitting around doesn't make you more successful, For example if you wanted to be very successful you have to work with it. Like staying after school to study for the Soothe very next day, Or remembering to do all your chores before your parents came back from work. But on the other hand doing nothing can also accomplish many things. For example if you were to be in a car accident and broke several bones then obviously you'll be in a wheelchair for several months and You won't be able to move at all. And doing so will help you accomplish healing, Your doing nothing but still getting better at the same time. Have you heard of the saying "All good things happen to those who wait" this means it could be a normal day then suddenly something perfect comes to you like either you find a job or the love of your life and have a happy ending? There are other ways too, for example theirs a saying "don't mess with something that doesn't need to be messed with" and "There's light at the end of the tunnel" these quotes connect in a way because sometimes some things should be left alone and over time something good will come to it, like you able to accomplish your goals. Or maybe you the type of person to let Fiat decide, so you let things happen naturally. Overall you can accomplish many tasks for both doing and not doing anything, But in my opinion you can accomplish more when you're doing more because you're working for whatever it is your aiming for. Also, the quote from Thomas Jefferson "Determine never to be idle... it is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing." This quote in a nutshell is my response to this question. I'd rather be busy and know that I'm accomplishing what I want than to wait until something happens.