My uncle usually share their different experience with me, and it helps me a lot. My uncle is 40 years old and when ever he visits me he talks about his different experience with me. He travels different countries of the world like China, Australia,Japan, France,UK, Italy,Spain Canada, America,Saudi Arabia and Germany. He talks about their culture how different countries have different culture. Furthermore, he also talks about their languages. His every single world I heard carefully because I have a lot of interest in world. He also talks about different countries have different laws and rule. He talks about different countries have different religion. I love when my uncle share their different experience with me. It is important to learn from others because it helps you in different ways it helps you in your future it also helps in your whole life, and it also saves you from an accident. We should share different ideas with everyone probably it will help him a lot in his life, and maybe it will save him from a bid accident. How does sharing experience help us in our future?? It helps you in future when you are going to a new school or collage, so you should know going to this place is good for me or not. It helps you in future when you are doing some work. Furthermore, it helps you in your future when you are move somewhere else, so you should know going to this place is good for me or not. Furthermore, it helps you in your future when you are choosing some path in you life, so you should know choosing this path is good for me or not, so you will not go that way. Furthermore, it helps you in future when you are becoming something, so you will know if I become this it will help me in my future or not. Furthermore, it helps in you life when you are finding a job, so you will know if this job will be helpful for me in my future or not. Learning from other always helps you in your future we also share our experience with everyone it will also help them in their life. How does learning from other helps in our life?? It helps in our life when we are going to a new school or collage, so you will know is this place is helpful for me or not. It helps in your life when you are doing any kind of work, so you will know how this work gives me benefit. Furthermore, it helps you in your life when you are going to some new place or country, so you will know how this place gives me a benefit. It helps you in your life when you are choosing some path in your life so have known is this path is good for me or not. It helps in your life when you are becoming something, so you will know if I become this it will give benefit in my life or not then you choose that path. It helps in you life when you are finding a new job, so you have known if this job is good for me or not how much does it will give me a benefit, and then you choose that job. Sharing experience with others always gives someone a benefit we also share our different experience with everyone. How does sharing wisdom with someone helps?? It saves you from an accident when we are going to a new school or collage, so you will know is this place is good for me or not then you choose it otherwise it is not good for you, it will give you disadvantages, and it will save you from an accident. It saves you from an accident when you are doing any kind of work, so you will know how this work gives me benefit, and then you choose it if it is not good for you, it will give you disadvantages, and it will save you from an accident. Furthermore, it saves you from an accident when you are going to some new place or country, so you will know how this place gives me a benefit if it's not good for you so you will not go there and it's saving you from an accident. It helps saves you from an accident when you are choosing some path in your life so have known is this path is good for me or not. And then you choose it, and it saves you from an accident. It saves you from an accident when you are becoming something, so you will know if I become this it will give benefit in my life or not then you choose it, and it will save you from an accident. It saves you from an accident when you are finding a new job, so you have known if this job is good for me or not how much does it will give me a benefit, and then you choose that job, and it will save you from an accident. Sharing wisdom with someone can save them form a big accident we should share our different experience with everyone.  