It has been said first impressions are almost impossible to change, but I'm not agreed with it because people always change, and the first impression doesn't define who you are. The people always change to good or bad. For example, I met someone that in the first time I saw him he was mad, he never smiled, and he was very shy. And at the pass of the days he was changing, he started to smile, and he wasn't mad like the first time I saw him. Now my impression changes, and now I can see that he's different and the first impression I had about him changed at all. Another example could be that in the first days of classes your teacher is nice, doesn't give you homework, and he is patient with the students. However, He is changing every day. Now he's always mad, now he gives you a lot of homework, and he's yelling in class. At this time, the first impression you had about the teacher totally changed because he's not the nice teacher that you met in the first days of classes. The first impression doesn't define who you are because first impression is like a front of a book and the front of the book is nothing comparable to the that is inside the book. For example, I have some friends that told me that the first time they saw me they didn't like me because they say that I'm always mad, and I was a boy that don't talk with anybody just with my friends, and they told me that they never thought that I'll be their friend, but they were knowing me and they saw that I was different from their perspective and from the first time I met them, so they changed their first impression about me and their point of view about my personality. Another example, is that some people think that you're like they think just because they have a bad first impression about you. I sometimes mean we don't have good days, and we are not like always. Let's go to suppose that in those days you met a person, and you're having a bad day, you're mad, and with problems, so that person will think you're like that because that person will have a bad impression about you, but if that person have the time to know you better, he will see that you're not like he thinks you are just because the first impression about you is bad. If he knows you better, he will change his impression about you compare to the first time. Clearly, the first impression is always going to change because one impression doesn't define my personality and how I am, and I can change that impression. It has to be like more than two impressions to know a person because it will be hard to changes those impressions.