Human survival depends on technology, we can not live without it. Technology is used in our everyday lives, from the very moment we open our eyes to the end of the day when we go into our sleep. Technology has really advanced a lot in comparison from the first telephone made up, to today's modern devices. Technology may have a negative impact to it, since technology is everywhere it is almost impossible to keep out of reach. Young children start to us, it to early in life, they get addicted, and they cry if it is taken from them. Technology may have that negative affect, but it has many positive affects that come from it as well. The beginning of technology all starts back when the first telephone was created by Alexander Graham Bell. The telephone he had created is much different from the ones you see today in everyday use by millions of people. His creation of the telephone was like a brick, very big and heavy. That device was more of an at home used only kind of device, not something you could easily just carry around with you. His invention probably was not the most popular right away since everyone was so use to living without one it was not much of a necessity. As time passed other inventors took Graham bells invention and invested further into it, adding and taking away things it had. For one the size and weight of it was changed by a lot throughout time as well as the capability of what you could do on it. At first, it was used only to transfer calls to communicate with somebody verbally without having to be face to face or even at close distance with them. Many individuals wanted to be the inventor of a phone and there are more than one, therefore because of this there are different companies, not just one that produces electronic devices. Around the early 2000s Apple, which is one of the biggest electronic device companies had released the first iPhone. Everyone and everywhere all around the world people were purchasing Apples new product. Throughout the years Apple has made so many products for people to purchase from cell phones, earphone, tablets, computers, watches, portable chargers, to just about anything for people to buy that they may use in their everyday lives. Though all these advancements in technology may have caused some negative impacts in life such as that children from a young age get addicted from them, it has also helped them. Parents have a big impact in this whether they decide to hand their children an electronic or not, most parents that do let them opp orate a device usually have limitations in what they can do or watch and for how long. Letting young children use this technology isn't all bad, there are television shows that help them learn their shapes, colors, objects, movements and simply learn how to communicate with others before entering school, nothing wrong with being a little ahead of others. ABC mouse is one of many great resources online that help children with their education, and it is also done in a fun way for them to learn and enjoy their studying. Technology is used by everyone all around the world and even out in space! Everything around us is being technologically used by us, inside our own homes and outside. Security cameras, the thermostat that keeps us warm in the comfort of our homes and AC that helps us cool down on hot sunny days, the foods and drinks we store away in our fridges and freezers, Wi-Fi box, T. V(s), doorbells, all of that technology and that's just in our homes. Outside everyday technology would be like he vehicle we used to get to our jobs, the traffic signals, GPS to help guide use to get to our desired destination. You have a paper due or something you really need information on whether it is school related or not and the library is closed, or you just can not get in reach of one you can simply do your research from any location you may be in with a click and swipe on a screen like your cell phone or computer. Machines are technology used like those in hospitals that are seriously used for human survival when someone is terribly injured or a new baby is born. Technology is still progressing, and it will only become more advanced throughout time, everyday inventors and scientist use it to make new ways to cure up diseases, find out where they come from and how they can be prevented. The creation of technology on our world has been very helpful to us all in every way possible, without it there are many possibilities of certain deaths and accidents that could have occurred if it did not exist. The amount of advancement that it had gotten to will only help it get greater, so we can be prepared for future tragedies that we would not want this world to face. Technology has been an extremely positive thing that has happened in this world for millions possibly even billions of people who use it.  