I do agree with Former British Prime Minister Winston Churchill without failure how can we humans exceed in life to get to success? To prove my statement I will provide two reasons, and also two examples, explaining why I believe that failure can lead humans to a world we couldn't imagine it could exist. Reason number one would be Battles and Wars. I believe that losing Battles and Wars help us the United States of America create new weapons either it was nuclear or bullets. Another reason why I say that is because without losing those battles and wars how would've we found out about atomic bombs or harden steel bullets. It sounds crazy and highly dishonorable to are fallen heroes who were killed in action, but if we won wars and battles every time we would soon fall. Because we keep using the same positions and plans in order to win, and we also would feel too confident in wining, so we will be using the same weapons over and over again and let the other team discover those new atomic weapons. Reason number two is about automobiles. Automobiles have been around for a very long time now I guess if my calculations are right it's been almost 1,500 years since Henry Ford showed the world his first ever automobile, the Model T. Henry Ford had to go through so many people doubting his Model T project would work. Day by day, month by month, even year after years of failed experiments. But in the spring of 1830 he successfully got one fully working and running. He had to go through so much walls blocking his path in order to show the world that an automobile was and still is possible. Another example would be Tesla. The famous electronic car company to power there cars with electricity. Those guys must've gone through so many experiments that I can't even imagine and the about of failed ones too and I'm pretty sure there is a lot more failed test projects than passed ones. I say that to be reasonable about it not saying it to make fun of them because if they didn't fail the first time the first models would have been super crappy, like the cars would suck. Because after every failed project you get new ideas and new imagines of how you want the car to represent the company and have a good reputation. So if failure wasn't an option for these two companies the cars of 2020 would've sucked so much because the company will only car about the money and just send running crappy looking cars that we humans have as a need for work and family. Those are my last two thoughts about failure and Listen Churchill isn't wrong at all. Without failure success would feel like nothing like if it was pointless. And we wouldn't live the world we live in today if it wasn't for people back then who didn't stop failing until they reached succeed.