A topic that is frequently debated is whether students should be required to take a class in the arts, or should it be elective? Because of both students and parents opinions I believe students should not take a class in the arts, besides it should be an elective. There are several reasons to consider when debating this topic, for example:the class in arts will require a block that could be used for a class the student is interested in taking, or it could be used for a class the student requires to take in order to achieve graduation. As a student interested in having an advanced diploma, I believe art classes will not help anybody to achieve their goal of obtaining the advanced diploma, also if students are capable of choosing their own classes they will gain experience in that field, and be more successful. Students should be able to make their choice when deciding if they are really interested in the class, if someone else chooses the class in arts for them, and they didn't like it;they could ruin the experience of other students who are really passionate about arts. Students who are not interested in art could be a problem for the class and even their grades could be affected if they don't participate, or turn in assignments. Moreover, it could lower their GPA and their dream about graduating could be affected. In addition, art classes will not give them much credit as other classes, will not help grow their GPA, and it might not be as helpful as other classes. As mentioned before:not passing the class will lower their GPA, even passing it will not give them too much credit, and of course school want students to be successful during their journey through high school. The choices they made during school and the classes they took during school will impact when they graduate. As you have read, giving students the opportunity to choose either they want art classes or to take classes by their own choice could have a big impact in their graduation status. Schools should offer our students classes they are willing to attend, a class they feel will help them succeed in life, and in a way they enjoy their journey through high school. It might see insignificant to debate for something too simple like this, but letting our students take their own choices could help them take better choices for our society. Moreover, if our students are able to graduate and accomplish their goals our society will have more people that could help to assure a better future for our legacy.  