I agree with success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm because everyone need to be stronger, successful, and become independent yourself. Success are things that everybody need to be stronger the most they can with every single thing in your life because everyone has bad moments in lives and there are many peoples that they want to see them fail in everything. For example, if someone is given in they can find someone who is bad person and the only thing that they do is to given words that did not help in anything, but that's why they have to failure, but do not have to lose enthusiasm because if you lost enthusiasm you are failed in everything because in lives you can find peoples that want to help you a lot, but sometimes you are going to find good peoples that want to help you in everything. Therefore, it does not matter what other peoples want to tell you people just have to continue their lives and do not have to give up in anything, it does not matter peoples have to do everything they can because if you propose what you want you can do it no one is going to say no. Success is that everyone has to be successful in lives because everybody has to be enthusiasm in everything. You do not have to lose that because you have to be with good smile because it does not matter what is happened in your life you must have to have a good smile in everything because it does not matter how many times in your lives you are falling you have to continue because if you do not do a good job, thinking that you can not do what you want, or said that you are going give up in everything. For example, if your sister said that some people said that she can not make her dream true you can talk with her with enthusiasm and said that she can do everything she can propose because she does not have to listen those peoples that can not want their lives good they failure is her past that means that others peoples are going to do the same thing because in this lives peoples that want the bad thing to you that ever can exist. Success something in life is harder than you think because you have to pass a lot of things in your life, and you have to stay strong the more you can because if one day you are going to fail in something and there is no one to give you support, and you can not anymore, but you have to said in your mind that it does not matter because you are thinking in your mind that you are never give up with anything because you have your mind with power, enthusiasm, and stronger. However, you do not have to be thinking bad things there are some times that you failure with many things that can be in the school, work, or test. You always have to be in mind that it does not matter how many times you took your test and get bad grades you have to do it until you get good grade or how many days you are going to take to learn any kind of food the thing is the have to be a good person to show to other peoples that you can do whatever you want to show to the world that you can do everything you want because they are here to fail, but if you lose a lot of time you are going to wake up twice. Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm because in this world everyone is here to be something in their life to be someone stronger to make your skills stronger to show to the peoples that you want to be someone with energy to show that there are so many things that you want to do be a successful person to help peoples when they need something; it does not matter what you are passing or what your life is give you. You just have to learn how to be a good person, how you can make your skills stronger, and how you can demonstrated to yourself what you can do and can not do because that is a harder to know yourself to see what you can do or not because you can see more peoples that if they can not do anything they do not tried any more they are sad, mad, or angry with their self because they can not do what they wanted. For example, if your friend want to be in the future a teacher and he/she has to learn, to be prepared, and study. He may not want all of that or he/she may have travel with all of those things he/she is going to get mad with herself, sad with herself, angry with herself and he/she is going to say no I can not with all of this is so harder that I think, but everyone has to be stronger show that you do not have to get mad to show with enthusiasm that does not matter how many times you may fail you have to learn, study, be prepared everything you need, and you will see that you can everything you want. In conclusion, Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm because you have to be stronger, successful, and become independent yourself because you have to be stronger with any problem in your life, stronger with every person, and stronger with whatever you have to do. You have to be successful with yourself, with your work, and with your own things. You have to be independent with yourself because when you are older, or you are lonely you have to see for your owns things, you have to fight for you owns problems, and for your owns business. For example, if you are going to be a good police you have to see what is coming what your enthusiasm is going to be what you have to be. You have to fail many things, but you have to try the most you can because is this life everything you do have to be with enthusiasm. Therefore, If you find a job, and you boss said that you have to go to do a fish, and you went, but you did it wrong, and he said this is wrong you failure you have to tried again you have to go with enthusiasm not be angry or sad because you are going to do that with enthusiasm to said I'm going to do this right not wrong because everything you do with enthusiasm everything you will get better, and you will be happy because if you do everything good you are going to feel that you do an enthusiasm and good work.