Once The great artist Michelangelo said that"The grater danger for most of us lies not only setting our aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low, and achieving our mark". I personally disagree with this because not all of us people really wants to more than what it is asked to do, what really matter in this world it is to achieve your goal, and aiming low is a representation of honesty and humility. Some people may say that this may agree with Michelangelo's said, because sometimes getting out of our comfort zone it is what most of us should do; challenge our selves to get even higher expectation and results, but to be realistic not all of us aims for that.First, most of us do not really wants to do more than it is asked to do. For example, Generic_Name an orange contractor, he has been asked from his boss to fill 10 trailers of orange per day, one day he filled 12 trailers of oranges and thought that his boss would pay him the 2 trailers extra of orange that Generic_Name and his worker filled, in his paycheck did not appear the 2 extra trailers of orange causing Generic_Name pay his workers for the extra hours and work that they had putted, Generic_Name never again did more of he was asked to do. People took Generic_Name as en example of not doing more of what it is asked to do in their jobs. Secondly, what really matters in this life is to achieve your goal. For example Generic_Name is a student from Generic_School, Generic_Name and his friends in their freshman year aimed for the advanced diploma in his school, but Generic_Name aimed for the standard diploma, his friends bought that by choosing the advanced diploma would be easier to earn credits and graduate faster, but little did they know they would get challenging classes, having almost AP classes in almost every material, Generic_Name from the other side having his standard diploma resulted him having normal classes and passing almost all of them. At their junior year Generic_Name's friends decided to change their diplomas because their classes was so difficult that their credits was not high enough, Generic_Name had the needed credits to be considered a graduate. Sometimes it is better to achieve your goal and do not try to get out of your comfort zone and challenge yourself because at the end what really matter in this life it is to achieve your goal. Lastly, aiming low is a representation of honesty, and humility. For example, Generic_Name have a Mexican restaurant, she does not aspire her restaurant to be the greatest in her town, but what she really aspires for her restaurant is to keep her with the same love and passion she has for cooking and the satisfaction of her clients. Aiming low does not mean that is going to be a failure, but if you do it with honesty and humility, the 'danger' will not be as big as it appears. As you can see, Michelangelo's said it's not all the way truth because, people from all over the world thinks differently, having different experiences in their lives causing them to disagree on his said. Not all the people want to more what it is asked to do, what really matter in this world it is to achieve your goal, and aiming low is a representation of honesty and humility. Not always setting our aim too high and falling short it is what it means to survive in this world.