I will agree with the Emerson's statement, but this can depend on to the point view. This is one of the example:There are a men who are an entrepreneur, and he has a little company, and he decides to make it more big, but he doesn't know if he is going to do it. If you don't try to do it you will never grow, you have to do new things for you know you will have to try something beyond of you already mastered. The way I understand this is if you don't try to do something that you already know, you will never learn a new thing that you don't know, because there is no way to grow if you don't over pass your self, or you don't try it and that is going to provoke that you can't advance to grow or even stock in the way you try to make to grow. Example: When I was 15 years old, the only thing I did was just studying. Although when I start to think about my future, and then I figure out I have to do more than just studying, I have to choose which college I'm going and work to earn money for I can pay my college and expenses I have in my house or personal, because you have to do something for you can over pass your goals, or you will never grow. But some people maybe think or have different opinions about this, perhaps people say like it's a lie, or you can't do it because it's impossible and also that is fake. Every one don't thing the same, maybe they a different point to see it, they just don't want, or they have an another way to grow. The majority of people are going to say yes, because they already lived the moment that if you want to grow, you have to go beyond of the things you already know, or you'll never go to trust your self. My opinion is that maybe this wrote of Emerson is true and the reason why I'm saying this is that you have to do things new and over pass your self, and doesn't matter if you already mastered something, if you want to grow you have to try it because you can't grow if you don't do different things that you have no idea about how you can grow and make or dominate more things that you can't believe.