I agree with students to use their cell phone in the classroom because some students came to the United States with not knowing any words in English, and even of a student that born in the United States or their native language is English can get to forget the meaning of a word in English. For instance, cellphones or another type of device. And it can drive you to many type of option which is very good! If you are not clear in the first option you can jump to the second option or third option if needed. Some students came to the United States without speaking English which mean is so bad, and they don't know how to communicate with teachers, so they are likely to uses their cellphone for translating words. I was one of the student that came to United States without speaking any English, and teachers can't speak Spanish too, so I was able to use my phone for translate words to my language, it was helping a lot to communicate with other students that only speaks English. In another reason, I daily uses my phone because it is easy to carry It in the hallway instead of a big dictionary, and some dictionary does not contain the word that you're looking for. Beyond of that, in the cellphone you just need to download the dictionary app or go the Google web and type easily the word that you need to fine information for. Therefore, cellphones can give many ways to you how to understand the word specially the Google website it can give you pictures, or it can lead you to a video link where you can see resources that are explaining the meaning of the word or different manner that they can be clear at the point. I use Google a lot of time because has everything that the dictionary can not be included for example, Google Translate can tell you the pronunciation, quickly to research, and even if it is bad it will tell you the meaning besides that if you don't know how to spell the word it contains an option where you can talk to the cellphone which is a lovely option to use. However, cellphones is an almighty thing to be used in the classroom to help students knowledge or everywhere. besides, been smart and having powerful resource we can learn from cellphones to do many things as some teachers want us to use our cellphones for Wikipedia, Kahoot, dictionary web, and Google Classroom for reading, writing or gave us homework throw it. As we can know already cellphone is very useful for these options too. Calling, sending message, receiving message, set remainder, multiple resource, ECTS.Despite each year is advancing many students at the among of age 12 or 15 years old have a phone or a tablet device which is fine to have. Then, If needed teachers can work in an online website to gave them homework to do at home or working in classroom. And some point, approximate all people have their cellphones in their bag, and easy to care, and some people have said that the cellphones is like their friend. Finally, which I did understand that cellphones is necessary needed to use in the classroom which is helping to translate word in another language and cellphones can give you much certain information, idea how to be specific in the word that you are looking for. And also, it can have a different variety of information and some teachers will ask for it during the class, if you have one. And is a small size it is easy to carry, And is an important device to carry everywhere.  