Should people make their own decisions, or should they seek guidance from experts and authorities about life's important matters? People should make their own decisions because if you trust your decision there is no reason why you should ask someone else. Putting some trust on your decision can help you do what is right or wrong. However, part of your decision needs to come from your heart. Firstly, If you want to accomplish a dream in your life you need to put some extra work trying to get it done. Also, getting it done is not going to be easy, but sometimes you need to try. For example, let's say you are a soccer player, and you have a game, but you don't trust your teammates what is going to happen is that you might lose that game. I know is hard to trust someone who doesn't act or look the same as you. I would take my decision and ask my self should I trust them or not? Secondly, trusting your team will not always be the same, but you should follow your instincts. Example, one day I made a bad decision of not cleaning the backyard of my house for like three months, and it was fall and what happened was that it got full of leaves. If you take wrong decisions will cause you think that you don't want. When I saw my backyard full of leaves I ask myself why did I make the decision of not cleaning the backyard. Ideas are part of what you should take seriously in your life. The idea of going to school should be one of the most important things you should do. Thirdly, asking for help in taking a decision is not a bad idea. However, every day or every time you want to ask someone for help you must know who you are asking. For example, if you want to ask someone what you should do after graduation must come from you, but sometimes you can ask questions to your family and talk about it, they might know what is the right thing you should do. People agree with you taking your own decisions than doing what other says. Other unknown person's decision is what you should never do in your personal life. What I do when I have to take a decision of doing something is to think the decision twice. In conclusion, never give up a decision of you doing the right thing. Always do what your parents says or ask you to do because they are the ones who want you to accomplish your dreams, be there when they need you, talk to them when you need to. Other people who you should talk to are your siblings.  