People that have their faces in front of a screen with there back slouching with the help of technology. Technology is advancing year by year and month by month. When teens or adults get there hands on the new technology they will spend weeks or even months in their rooms, trying to figure out what the device can and cannot do. The limitation of human contact due to the use of technology has a negative effect on peoples lives, because it can lead to bad communication skills, health problems and being inactive. However, not everyone agrees with this statement. Some people claim that technology has a positive effect on peoples lives. Neverless, this position overlooks an important point, mainly that technology cannot change how much human contact you have or do not have. For example, my friend she cannot drive, but she can have items get delivered to her; books, food, and clothes. Furthermore, when the delivery person came she did not know the proper way to greet him. Do to technology, people can have bad communication skills, and they don't know how to communicate with people when they are in contact with someone. Moreover, by being isolated, technology can lead to bad communication skills. When someone gets the newest device or game, they want to know how it works. By learning what the device or video game can and cannot do, they usually spend a month learning how the device works or how to unlock the next level in the game. For instance, my brother got a new video game, he has isolated himself in his room, so he can beat the level and go on to the next. When he was finish with the level, he had a hard time communicating properly. Before he played his video game, his grammar was good; now it wasn't. For example, he would use the wrong past and present tense. Thus, by staring at the screen for so long, he has got very inactive. Additionally, sitting on the couch or in a chair with a screen in front of you, every day for a whole month can make a person inactive. People that are inactive can become very lazy, and they intend on making a lot of mistakes when they are talking. They can also gain weight or have health problems. To illustrate, sitting in front of a screen while eating junk food can cause you to gain weight and can lead to health issues. During spring break, my friend had nothing to do, he was on his laptop everyday eating junk food. Now he has to be careful on what he can and cannot eat, because he will get heart burn. If he does not stop eating unhealthy foods in front of a screen he will gain more weight and have more health issues. He does not know how to ask for help; he needs someone to push him to go outside and enjoy the weather, instead of being in front of a screen all day long. Based on this argument, one must conclude that the limitation of human contact due to the use of technology has a negative effect on peoples lives. Technology can effect us in many ways; bad communication skills, health problems and being inactive. In conclusion, technology can change human contact negatively.