Thomas Jefferson wrote," Determine never to be idle. . It is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing". When he wrote the quote" It's wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing," he's referring that when we always do tasks, assignments, or other things, It's a wonderful feeling knowing that we could complete or finish the tasks if we were always doing something. I believe that when someone work hard or try their best on what they're interested about they could accomplish their goals. When setting up goals, we want to accomplish them in the future. By accomplish our goals we have to keep working harder and focus closely until we could reach our goals. Get ideas how you could accomplish your goals; for an example, by participating schools programs, or other smalls groups that could help you reach your goals. Keep practicing on what you're interested about because we accomplish more by always doing something recently. Always be positive on reaching your goals and always try something new because you won't know if you are good at something else that you never knew before or try before.Most time we don't accomplish anything It's because we're not trying, or we don't really care about finishing or completing anything. Sometimes always doing something repeating doesn't help for some people, since it may not work out for them. If your other goals are not working out for you, you could try something else that's new or challenging. Accomplish something is not only for goals, but you could accomplish your tests, chores, group activity, and more others. Most of the times people want to accomplish short-term or long-term goals because they're the most important things that they want to accomplish in their list. Do we accomplish more if we are always doing something or not ? Yes, we do accomplish more when we're always doing something because if we keep recently doing something for kinda long period we will accomplish it and accomplish more goals to that we want to achieve too. When most people accomplish their goals, they feel amazing and existed that they accomplish something that they stick with and practiced for a while.