20/11/2010Mr. reader's how are you? This statement it's made for informed to you, we are sure based in the prompt called; THE FIRST IMPRESSIONS ARE ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE TO CHANGE, we understand that because is very important for everyone is this world, and sure we are agreed with the statement, and we want knowledge to you how we expressed.It's very important remember sometimes is very hard forget the firs expression because is one of the things what make to you in the life, like marked in your hart, and we know that is not easy for each person, example; when you are a little boy you almost had 6 years old, and you see a new toy like Spider-Man and yours parents really buy that new toy, so you are very happy and you never going to forget that day because was very especial for you and, therefore; that make a big impression to you and its almost impossible to change. The central idea in this statement is what how much important is the first impression what happened to you, because is very important how you feel in the impression, you feel very especial when you do the thing what do you like. And they do that one when is really appropriate for you or when is the right time for doing with the intention expressed to you. The First Impression are almost impossible to change because, we really know that is one thing what marked your life for complete and is impossible change that because, the first time what you feel that is when you know how important make to you the impression. This writing is very important because, I'm let you know how we expressed the first impression make to you and its impossible forget that day or special thing.me opinion in this statement is I'm expressed with this because that happened to me one time when I was very young, and that one make to me very happy and impressed because it's feel so good, i never going to forget that day, it's marked in my hart for the rest on my life. The conclusion is brought ideas to the peoples whoare are disagreed with the statement, because they need to see how important is the FIRMS IMPRESSION IN THE LIFE and is very hard forget that one. By that we are knowledge to you is very important to know about that one. So we want to give to you some ideas, examples; when yours parents buy to you the first toy that's make to you very happy and impressed, or when you go by your first time to the beach you see a lot of water you make impressed right. Or your first day of school maybe not was very good but you never going to forget how that was, you see now, how important is that one, we now that make to you a big impressed in you don't going to forget, now you can understand better the things, you can do a big expressed to other peoples how you change your opinion, and how important is for your life, do the best you can good luck. This information is made for see how important is the statement called THE FIRST IMPRESSIONS ARE ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE TO CHANGE. Therefore I'm agree with the statement because is really interfering in important for everyone in this world. Sincerely Generic_Name.