Did you know that teachers work with one of the best culture of the entire world? Teachers work with smart and beautiful students who want to have a bright future. Students argue about having after school programs because is bored. I'll rather have after school programs because is a better way to improve your skills, is easier to do your homework, and it helps students with special disabilities. One reason why I'll rather have after schools program is because it improves your skills more than you could ever have. After school programs are reasons why students have been growing a lot this past years. I had a friend call Generic_Name who had awful grades, he signs up in an after school program and in a few weeks, he already had almost all A's. In transition, this is one reason why I'll rather have after school programs. Another reason why I like after school programs is because is an easier and faster way to do your homework. I'll rather do my homework after school because they can help me and I could have more free time at home to do whatever I want. Homework is good to improve your grades specially if they count as a quiz grade, because quiz grades count as thirty percent of your grade! Furthermore, There's one more reason why I'll rather have after school programs than having nothing. Last but not least, A reason why a like having after school programs is because it helps special students who have disabilities. Special students are the same as regular students, but people say that students who have problems or disabilities count as "Special children." My brother had difficulties with his reading because he didn't know how to read that much, he went to a special class, and he had improved his reading skills over the past ten years. Moreover, This is my last reason why I'll rather have after school programs. This is all of my reasons why I'll rather have special and after school programs than not having anything to do after school. My favorite one is that is easier to do your homework because you will have more free time at home. To get in a program, all you have to do is ask for that program's sign up paper and sign it. If you need a fun program in the whole city of Generic_City, Next is the best one you could find.