Technology has had positive effects on people because you can use cellphones to interact people, you can also be shopping at home without having to leave your house, and also if you are a gamer you can also play with people from around the world. That's why technology has had a positive effects on people. Technology is a big impact on people because phones can do anything. You can be in video call with friends and family without having to leave your house. You can also call your family with just your phone. One last thing you can do with phones is that you can make group chats with your friends and family. You can be playing games with your friends, or you can just chat with them. With the importance of technology you can also go shopping. You can shop without having to leave your home at all. If you are from another country you can shop from around the world, and you can buy things that represent your country and feel like home. One last thing you can do with shopping online is that can order food from any restaurant, and it will get sent right to your home. You can also send stuff to your friends and family by just sending it to therewith technology if you're a gamer like myself you can play with anyone from around the world. With gaming, you can play with your friends, and you can be talking and playing at the same time. Also, with your gaming system you can also watch Hulu, and with Hulu can watch movies without having to go to the movie theater. Also, with gaming with friends is that you can just have a blast while gaming. The counterclaim will be what if you're not a gamer? If you're not a gamer then you can take school at home without having to leave your house. In conclusion I agree that technology has had positive effects on people because it has brought us cellphones to connect people from around the world. You can also shop online without having to leave your home. You can also be gaming with people from around the world. That's why technology has had a positive impact on peoples lives.  