There's 90% of people in the world that wants to be someone in life, but some people never had the chance or some people just gave up on school, and now they regret it. In the past few years, there have been many teenagers that go to college and try to do a career that they think they are able to work with, but after few days of studying for that career, they see that that's not for them, and they just drop out. Our schools and our parents have been trying to help us decide what we really want to do in our future before we enter college, that way we don't do the same mistake some people did. Now schools have a program where you get to choose what career you think you are interested in, and see if it's really what you want for your future. That way you have a chance to either stick with it or look for other career you could be interested in. I want to be able to see if the career I want to take it's really for me or not. I think whatever career someone chooses, it shouldn't just be for the money, it should also be for some that makes you happy and that you are going to be able to stick with your whole life. My friend Generic_Name graduated in 2014, and he started to attend to Generic_school. He studied to be an architect, but the only reason he wanted to be an architect was because he wanted to help his family out with some money. Generic_Name was struggling to be an architect, because it was a lot of math, and he wasn't perfect with numbers. What Generic_Name really liked to do was to fix cars with his older brother. He couldn't do it any more, he dropped out of college, and started working with what he knew was going to make him happy. He worked for a whole year as a mechanic and saved money, that way he could have his own business and help his family out. Furthermore, he finally did it, he has his own business now and whenever there's a problem with my mom's car or my dad's car, we go to him. This is what I'm talking about, he never had the chance to see how hard that career could be and if it was going to make him happy. I don't want to do the same mistake, I want to know what I will be getting into and see if that career really is for me. If you give me the chance to go, visit,and learn about the career I'm interested in. It does not only help me to see if It's really for me or not, but I will also learn new things I didn't know and those things, they could help me in life. I want to be doctor and to get there, you have to go through a lot. As right now, I'm attending to a nurse class where I learn the basic things like knowing how to do blood pressure, learning body parts and learning a lot of vocabulary. I also know three languages: Spanish, English and Latin. After finishing my nursing class, I want to attend to Generic_school, because I've heard their doctor and nursing class is the best. The only reason I want to be a doctor is to help people out and be able to keep them healthy without any problems. My dad wanted to me to be an electrician because that's what he is, but I told him that wasn't really my thing. He taught me all he knew, that way if I ever have a problem with that, I would know what to do. One time I went to a friends house, and it was already 9:00 pm. Out of nowhere, the lights of the all house went off. So what me and my friend did was, turn the flashlight on of our phones to be able to see. His parents were freaking out, because they knew it was late already and there probably wouldn't be any electrician that would pick up the phone. I told my friend that this I could fix this because my dad already taught me how to do it. I called my dad to make sure I was right, since he's the one that knows everything about it. Furthermore, I was able to fix it and turn the lights on again at my friend's house. They thanked me and were surprised for knowing all this kind stuff already. Every career is important, it might not be the one for you, but you will always learn new things that will help you in life, like it helped me. There might be people that say to just look for a job where you get paid well, or people that say a career is too much because you have to study a lot, so I'll just go and work as a waitress. Yes, it is important to try to get a job that pays you well, everyone likes to make money. But if you don't like the job you are doing every day, then you won't ever be happy with what you are doing. That's why you have to find a job that's really for you. You do have to study a lot to have a career, of course you have to. Because you are not only helping yourself, you are helping other people that's going to need your help. This is why it's important to know what you really want for yourself. I am writing you this letter because I want to know what I am going to get into, I want to know if this career really is for me, because I want to make sure I stick with my decision. Like I said before, if It's not what I want, then that's okay because I've learned new things that will always help me in life. If it's not for me, then there's always another way, you can look for other career and see if you are interested in. I know there's more people that probably want the same chance as me, but I hope you choose me. It's not just because the money I want this chance but also because I want to help people out. I want an opportunity to see what I really want.  