Many people are going say that we can be our self, but even though we can be as we want in certain things, our character is formed by influences beyond our control because we tend to try to fit in society, we fear making mistakes, and we try to be like someone we admire. As humans, we tend to try to fit in society; we like to feel liked by the people around us, so we act different from we actually are. The feeling of being liked by society in most cases makes us feel pride and self-confidence, which is fine but makes a line between being our self and being influenced. Fitting in a society might be hard for some people, even frustrating, but people still are willing to do it, so we can not be seen as different. Trying to fit in a society might be the biggest reason why we do not act as we want and tend to act as everyone else in front of other people, because we fear that if society categorize us different from society is going to dislike us, however, there is some people that are careless of what people say about them. There is always someone that will not care at all of what people say about them which is good, but, there is always a time when they cared or will care about it. It is part of being a human that we care about what society says because we do not won't be seen as someone different that can not fit. For example, students in schools dress as the trend is, so they can fit in society, even when they grow they will care how they look. The fear of making mistakes influences part of our character. We fear that making mistakes will make us imperfect or not good at something, therefore, we think that if we are not perfect we are a failure, the fear of making mistakes is what makes us human, and that is a gigantic influence to us, and we can not control it but makes people stronger and, help us to develop a character that will represent us in the future. We fear many things in life for example, our appearance, if we think our appearance is not as we want, we get insecure in many ways but, it is a huge help in the development of our own character because we learn from those mistakes. Being insecure is a huge obstacle and mistake for people to get to choose their own character, because it does not let us decide for what we really want, therefore people should learn from them which it will hopefully help people to develop a better character. Many people find themselves as insecure because people might dislike them. Scientist have said that having the fear of making mistakes will make it harder for people to achieve their most wanted goals in life. We all as humans make mistakes, therefore we can not, or it is harder for us to find our own character by our own self. As humans, we all have at least someone that we admire a lot, and we see them as a person we should imitate, so we can be even a bit as them. Imitating someone in any way will make our self to struggle when trying to develop our own character because we are thinking of how someone else would think. Imitating someone else that has had such a great impact in life might be good for your self, and you might achieve your goal because that person did. Even though our character is formed by influences of other we admire we also have to have our own character into it, so we can feel the pride of achieving a goal that has had our effort in to it. Having a bit of your own character into what you do is important too because it is not a full imitation of what someone else did. Many famous BS have said that they also had followed someone else's steps to get where they are, so being influenced by the people you admire might help the people a lot to achieve their goals as it did with the famous people, and they also said that the people they admired a lot was the one helped them find themselves, because if it was not for them, they would have probably the same as they were before being famous. In conclusion, we can decide how we want to be but that does not remove the fact that our character is mostly formed of influences that we can not control because we tend to try to fit in society, we fear making mistakes, and we try to be like someone we admire a lot. People are going to find themselves mostly from experiences and influences that they can not control, however you should have some of your own character to do things so when you achieve something important you feel better about yourself, but we, the people tend to act different, so people like us, and it is something inevitable, either control in life. As humans, we don't like to be categorized as different and our main goal in a big percentage of people in the world is to fit in society and that is something that can not be controlled, but it helps us a lot to find our self afterwards and form our character at the end.