Failure plays in the pursuit of success. Although some say that success shouldn't be consisted of failure because a failure makes you a loser, not a winner, actually failure plays in the pursuit of success because people fail, but they learn from their mistakes, and it's positively affecting people personalty. Those who believes success shouldn't be consisted of failure have their reason. Some say failure may negatively affect people in their life. But, success makes people feel proud and enthusiasm. Because a failure makes you a loser, not a winner. Failure helps people to find there a path to success. People fail, but they can learn from their mistakes. For example, I took math test last week, and I didn't do well on the test. My score was 50 out of 100. So, I checked my test paper, and I saw what mistakes I got and learned from it. Then, I retook the test, and I got 91 out of 100, I was proud; after, I saw my score. I know many people hate failing, they think it's negatively affecting their lives. But, failing is sometimes there are benefits because it's positively affecting people personality. Such as, hardworking, proud, and encourage. First, people have their dreams, some wants to be a football player, or some wants to be a president. They need to work hard to accomplish their dreams. Some people fail or success, but they are working hard to accomplish their dreams. Lastly, pride and encouragement. For example, I have cousin who into sports, and he is in racetrack. There was a race in high school between Generic_School. So, my cousin was in it. He's family was there, and I was there, too. We saw the race, we were encouraging and cheering for him. So, he came in second place. I was mad at first, and I saw my cousin smiling. I told him, "why are you smiling?" He said," I'm happy that you guys came, to see me race." he was so proud. I was happy for him. He didn't care if he is second or last. He cares about his relative cheering for him. Conclusion, Failure plays in the pursuit of success. I believe failure helps people to find there a path to success. People fail, but they can learn from their mistakes, and it's positively affecting people personalty. Such as, hardworking, proud, and encourage