There are three examples about if I agree or disagree about the statement "It has been said that a positive attitude is the key success in life". I agree with this statement about the importance of attitude and I will give some reasons. Firts example, one reason that why I agree with this statement is because, if you want to apply for a job, you need to have a positive attitude to be successful for other people because they want to see the best of you and if you can have that job and how you relate with other people, and you will see the results about it. Many people with bad attitude are lay off of their work because at work you have to show your best attitude with the costumers, boss or with other workers, but some people don't do it. If you are the boss, you need to have a positive attitude or try to have it because your workers hope the best attitude of you to manage the job and that can show respect of your person. Second example, another reason that why I agree with this statement is because all people deserve positive attitude like, if you are walking at the park, and you say "hi" or "have a good day" to other person with a positive altitude they will feel good, and they would think that you are a good person. Be a person with a positive attitude can be successful for yourself or for your family for example, if one of the family members has a bad day, and they see you, his mood can change because of your positive attitude, you make him feel better with advices about how he needs many options to resolve his life but if you have a bad attitude you make him feel irate of you. Third example, the last reason that why I agree with this statement is because, if you are in the school there are many teenager like you that have hard classes, but some of them have a positive attitude because they want to have a good grades, pay attention in class and try to help other students who need it, they try to make them successful too, so they can have a good grades or a good future. But, if they have a bad attitude they would have bad grades, they don't pay attention in class, they try to distract the students who want to pay attention, make argument about the class or sometimes they scale the class because they feel that they have a bad attitude and that's why it has been said that a positive attitude is the key to success in life. In conclusion, in this three examples I give reasons that why I agree or disagree with the statement "It has been said that a positive attitude is the key to success in life". If you have a positive attitude that can make you a better person or successful for yourself and other people.