Do you think students should have career during school at a Yong age? Theirs some families have poor economy. They don't have that much money to keep their child dreams. Student should work during school at a young age because students need save money for college payment, this help students to acquaintance with work environment, they will have their own credit cart. Firsly, Student should work during school at a young age because students need save money for college payment. All the students have dream to study in a collage and become someone in the future. Some families have poor economy, they can't pay for collage of their child, and they are earnings that much to eat and make a living like pay insurance and something like that. For example my friend Generic_Name she is 11 grade. She is working in patrakandy mall as a cushier, so she done't have father and just her mother, her letter brother is with her. She is working and saving the money for her collage. Secondly, this help students to acquaintance with work environment. The more students working the more they are getting smarter and understand about the job. Students will become an entrepreneur in the future, and get families with different people in community. For example to know more people and be families with different job this make easy, successful life work for their future. Lastly, they will have their own credit cart. This is good for student to have his/her own credit card and to take responsibility for paying their car insurance and other stuff. Some children pride and can't ask for money of their parents. For example some student have a big main that means their brain is older than their age, and they will have their own responsibility not asking for help, they will work hard and become stranger. Some people thing this is not a good idea for students to work. They are too young, and they have to study, and they are still high school, have a lot of homework to do, this is right they are too young for working, but still some students need to work because they need to pay for their collage. For some people who have a lot of money if it is nothing to pay for something like collage of their child, or other stuff like this, but for the families who are earning just for eating, make living and have poor economy this is really hard so we should realize those people too. In conclutionStudent should work during school at a young age because students need save money for college payment, this help students to acquaintance with work environment, they will have their own credit cart. Student should have responsibility, they should see the hardness meanness of life to grow up.  