Being successful in life everyone goes through failure but believing in yourself is the key. Everyone can learn from there mistakes, without learning or believing you fail and stop. People who stop and fail they don't learn from their mistake. The ones who fail and self believe they learn form past mistakes and try again. By practicing over time the person can understand the subject or the materials they're trying to learn that's how some people can be successful. People who don't practice they won't get anywhere in life or get to their goals where they need it to be. Winston Churchill say "susses is consists of going to failure without loss of enthusiasm" yes I do agree with his saying. The reason being if you fail for an example on a math test you got an 53 but now this time on the retake you want to get an 80 now that's a goal you want to achieve. By practicing over time people can learn there mistakes from there experiences and see how to develop over time. People who become famous, millionaires, and company owners they had good and bad ideas, but they still became rich or powerful people by learning their mistakes. Winston Churchill is tilling us that by failure and believing in our self we can be successful. There are many ways to be successful to get where the person wants to be to. The first step is where and how to start company or store. Second step is how to get the money, recourse, and a company to. Will the two steps are that easy, step number 1 always start off small use a room or make a stand out of wood if that doesn't come up with other ways. The second step buys the material off the item the cost mummers are buying if that a backfires you can always use you own money to buy the rests like company poster. That's how some people can have bad or good ideas. In conclusion people can be successful or not by learning the mistakes they make in the past. Finding a way of how people can practice there mistakes a be more productive in the future. Sitting a goal and having more of what you expected to have for example have a higher score on a math test. Having ideas and recourse to start small business. Believing in yourself on what you can achieve on what you can work on.  