When are parents gave us advice we are able to learn to do the right thing. For example if you go work with your dad he gave you advice. Also, they gave us advice we learn how to do the right thing. Learning the right thing helps us to make our life better. Learn something from more than one person because they help you don't get in trouble and be a good student or son if you learn from someone us. Learning advice from school is good because everyone learns and get good grades. Do something good for school is good because when they gave you advice to do the right thing is class. For example the gym teacher gave you advice to do the right not the bad advice because if you do the bad thing you will get a bad grade and get in trouble. When we get in trouble is bad, and you always have to listen when they gave us advice for you do well at your test. When we do well in our test is because the teacher was having us advise, and we were paying attention. Friends gave us advice outside of school and inside school. When friends gave us advice inside school is because they want a better life for us. When friends gave us advice for our life is because they want us to be happy and be a better person. Also, when they gave us advice like when we play sports. When we play sports the coach always have advice do win the game. When coaches gave us advice to play good and win games that teams will become so good if the players get the advice of the coach. When people ask for advice is because they want to know what things are better like to buy. If we shop somewhere then you need advice from someone to know if it is good or bad. When they gave advice of food you have to know if it is good or bad for our health. If we don't get advice like for something maybe will be bad for us to eat or do and may have problems. The person who do not gave advice of what they're doing they will get in trouble if good for our body or not good. When we are in math class the students gave us advice same with the teacher. Sometimes students gave us advice how to do the work of the problem more than one student gave us advice. When teacher shows advice of our class work how to do it and know when test are coming for be ready. Also, the bus driver gave us advice how to act inside the bus. If the bus driver does not give advice everyone in the bus will act crazy and maybe an accident. That's why everyone should say advice for we could be safe and be good.