Many people argue about how there shouldn't be a long summer break because students do not retain information as easily when they return in the fall. But I do not agree to this argument, because I know that having a long break makes students accomplish more things in life. For example There are many students that have not seen one of their family members in a long time and most of them don't have that time to even say hi to them and why? Well because sometimes the schools do not provide a longer breaks, and they are so busy trying to focus on school work and get everything done on time that they forget even on their own name. In reality not everyone is going to have things planned for summer break. There's still students that prefer making their vacation useful. They make they time valuable by taking classes online. And the reason to this is that they might want to graduate early so that they get out of school and maybe have more time to think about their future and what they want to study in college. For me this is a great opportunity to manage time and use it correctly. But even though not all students prefer doing it they still succeed in school, and they will accomplish too. Educators say that students are more likely to forget information that they have learned in school after they come back from their good time. And the answer to this is yes that's true but that doesn't mean that all the information goes to waste, because that's why there is technology to help us remember things that we might have forgotten and also there is still teachers that can answer our questions if we have some. And not only the teachers can help, there are so many things were we could get information from like going to the library, asking a friend, asking a teacher, dictionary, and the internet. Another example is that after coming from summer break some students also feel relief because they didn't worry about having to turn in school work or an assignment being late, the main thing that a lot of students hate is, waking up so early and being stressed. But with a vacation they could save some energy they could sleep more, and they can relax and enjoy their break. For me personally I don't really like waking up in the morning because of how tired I am with so many assignments that I am not able to rest as much. Sometimes I even fall asleep and wish to get a break from school because I feel so weak, and I feel like my brain is going to explode if I do not get a break and that's only going to happen if you never get a break but if you do then you are ready to go and learn. Last but not the least students are able to work during summer they could get a part-time or a full time job. This would be so helpful for many students that have fees to pay to the school, or just in general. They could get a chance to pay for things that they might need in school and classes, or they could work just to get some extra money. After summer break is over they can keep the job for only part-time, or they could go and focus again in school. To conclude I agree that having a 3-4 week break in the summer, a winter break and a week off spring and fall is the best idea. Because we are like cars if you put gas on them, they will take you anywhere you'd like but if you don't, they will not move until you put gas in it. Same as us if we do not get breaks we will be tired every day but if you do give us time to relax outside of school we will be more successful, and we could accomplish more things. And this is why I believe having a longer break sounds a good idea. 