How conserve energy and resources energy, and the resources are the most important factors in the world, for the evolution and survival of the human. There are many types of resources such as money, products, and energy power. Factors that have supported the human life for long time, and actually continue it happening. Everybody in this world must be career it, because these resources are helping us to survive, and support our lifestyle. But the sad-reality is that the human does not career it, because they do not know about the consequences, or they are ignorant. We need to rectify our mistake, and keep safe our resources. This written will be about advice, benefits, disadvantages, and plans how career our resource. Let talk about the benefits that we are gone to get if we save our resources. First, there is a plan or recommendation what is about adopt a four-day work week, with each days 10 hours work, and school days with two hours. This is as a way to save our resources, and obtain the following benefits; we are going to save the energy, food, internet, water, time (to spend in our life with the family or whatever we want), the deterioration of our clothes and shoes. We are going to help the environment to keep it safe from the pollution, to make a better style life for the humans, and save resources for critical moments in the world. As you can see there are many resources what we could save, if we have adopted this plan. In this plan, there are many benefits but also disadvantages. For this time I am going to talk about the disadvantages, if we implement this project. There will be present many problems such as the loss of time to learn, time to work, we will lose our social life in the school as in the work, became a professional will be harder and tardy. The technology advance will be slower, and it is gone to affect the human evolution. Then we will lose many important things, and resources. Factors that could support in life, and make it easier. In conclusion, There will be many people whom will benefit from this project, but at same time it is gone to make many problems cause the disadvantages. If we implement this plan, we must be able to understand, we are gone to take our risk. Moreover, we must be thought about the risky that this could be, and prevent more problems than we already have. I recommended do not waste our time anymore, starting to create a better world with a better lifestyle, and creating new project to save resources. This support or this type of project need to be created by the government, because they are whom have the power to control whole country. Now take career our resource became a new goal for me after reflect a topic as this. We are going to understand that is necessary protect our resources, because they are indispensable to keep us alive and keep going with this life what we have in the twenty-one century.  