Isn't technology just great? Through time technology has been advancing, and it's just getting better, but is it minimizing our connections with the human contact? I believe It's had a good positive effect on peoples lives. See it this way, technology helps us so much like buildings cars and airplanes, technology has taken over restaurants in such a way that you no longer have to tip! Technology and stores do mix and its just speeding up the process. Although technology might be taking hundreds of jobs, technology is one of the best things we have in this world. Ford industry is a great example they make their cars using robotic technology! By using these big instruments they are able to make a car every ten minutes, that's incredible, and not just that they have the capacity to sell trucks without specking to a customer, representative it's all online no need of customer service. Having to buy parts has never been easier thanks to Ford/store. Org get the piece you need the next day. Near my local ford dealer they have a great restaurant where technology is all they utilize. Who would've known by using technology in restaurants everything would run much smoother, by using technology ordering your favorite meal off a tablet was never this cool. Yes that means there would only be a few people employed and less contact with waiters/staff members, but there is a good side, no need to worry about tip, especially no human mistakes, order everything off your fingertips. While your enjoying your meal staff members will have a chance to be doing something's else unless called by a customer. Have you seen how long it takes to check out in Walmart! Thanks to technology nowadays? Have you ever experienced or seen a cashier take a billion years just to scan the chicken your considering purchasing? I have and It was devastating to watch! Or have you witnessed a wrong change? Things like this happen way to often and if you never noticed it on your receipt you just lost some money. That's why they invented self-checkouts to speed up the process of purchasing, thanks to these great machines leaving Walmart was never easier to do. Just scan and go! Sooner or later every store in America will have these great machines. Yes they'll once in a while have some bad performance but most of the time there really reliable. Is it weird not seeing an employee in the cash register? Yes but you'll get use to it as time continues. Having technology in our side has made us better and has lightened our sense of being, technology has been so good to us that it has brought positivists in our lives. How stressful would it be for Ford Junior to hire millions of workers, and finish one car every five hours? Or opening up a restaurant and hire twenty workers who are rude, lazy to their customers? And last but certainly not least, Walmart having hundreds of workers who take forever to scan and pack your items. All of this would stink if we wouldn't have such great technology in our hands.  