Many people think that it is a great idea for high school students to only attend three years of high school education, by taking courses in the summer or in the evenings, It will allow you to graduate a year earlier than your original class year, I prefer to attend all four years of high school education, which means that I would attend all four traditional years of high school education, such as: Freshmen year, Sophomore year, Junior year, and Senior year, which is the last year of a student high school education. The reasons for my disagreement are: Age problems, Graduation issues, Lack of Experience, and Shortage of a summer break. Firstly, lets talk about age problems that people who follow this plan are going to go thought. Freshmen students should be starting their first year of their high school career around the age of fourteen or fifteen years old, So they can graduate while turning the legal age of eighteen years old in the United States, Which is the correct age of finishing their high school education. Sophomore students should be starting their Sophomore year while turning the age of sixteen years old. There are few students that start their Sophomore year at the age of fifteen years old, Which means that they attended their first grade in Elementary school younger than others. Secondly, Graduation issues, Graduation should be the most significant accomplishment in anyone's high school education, When following this program, You are not going to be able to graduate with the same class year as you for example; I graduate with my original class of year twenty-twenty. If following this program, you are going to be ahead of your friends and class year. Thirdly, Shortage of summer, students only get two months as a summer break in the United States, before attending their next school year. By following this program, you are not going to be able to go on vacations and rest from the year that you attended. You must study the classes and sources that the program gives you, so you can finish all of your credits and graduate while your family are on vacations having a good time. Finally, In conclusion, this program will mess up your summer plans and would not benefit you with any new progress. I suggest the traditional four years of high school education.