It has been said that a positive attitude is the key to success in life. I believe that attitude is everything in life. Having a negative attitude can be helpful when someone is defending themselves for what they believe in, but having a positive attitude might change someone's life and at the end of the day you feel good about yourself. It's important to have a positive attitude in everyday life because your reputation goes up, others want what you have, and you set a positive mindset for yourself. First, having a positive attitude in your daily life will raise your reputation. For example, you are at a job interview, you dress very properly for this job interview. When you first walk in the room, you greet the interviewer with a smile and a handshake, and you start to introduce yourself. That gives the perfect first impression to getting the first place in this job. People in my life have taught me that giving positive attitude around my peers is very important, because having a positive attitude can change what someone thinks of you. In summary, being positive in a job interview will get you that job that you've been working for your whole life. Second, people around you want what you have when you show positive attitude. For example, you are doing a group project, you don't know any of the people you are working with. The first thing that you did was to introduce yourself with a big smile, and then you ask for their names. All those people in your group sees that enthusiasm, and they think" Man! She must be a really nice person, I wish I have that kind of positivity in my life." Someone in that group might not been having a good day that day, and they saw how positive you are, and they want that same positivity that you have. In summary, a person giving another person positive attitude can help others to be the best that they can be in life. Third, having a positive attitude can set your mind on positive things in life. For example, in 1999 there was a shooting in Generic_School, 200 people died, and 500 people were injured. It was a very sad event for both families and friends. A girl name Generic_Name was injured badly that she has to be in a hospital. But what she said in the hospital that caught everyone's attention was that" I may be hurting very badly right now, and I may or may not be able to walk, but I am glad that I am still alive, and that I get to see my friends and family's faces right now". Generic_Name was injured so bad that she couldn't even walk, but she had that positive mindset that at least she's not dead. In summary, positive attitude will switch your life around in life's hardest moments. In Conclusion, positive attitude is the key to happiness and success in life. One person being positive about something, the others follow. That's what so special about positivity, it spreads everywhere you go, as long as you are positive. This changes people's lives every single day. When someone has positive attitude, your reputation goes up, people want that positivity, and you have a positive mindset in everything you do. 