The students enter in high school for graduating, and they expected to identify a career of sources in high school and are selected to guide them toward a specific career. I think was a good idea to commit to a career at a young age because they have more time to think about our career and learn more for that, and practice of the career, and take the position of a good life with work and patient on careers. The reasons why is good for a young age by know more careers and learning for a future, and earn more money and teach others about you learn in this professional career, and is most easily to find jobs in internet of in stores. For my example of this I choose a chef's career, and I'm learning more they teach me every day of how to cook and other things I do not know that; other example is when I am in high school and my teachers select me and others students for what is my career for my future they show me how to find careers in internet and I choose one of chef and the other is a doctor career i, choose the doctors, and they help me more in topic doctors and how to work in this job etc. and i more of medicine and I help people for having more safety. This is my examples of careers., lolThe students enter in high school for graduating, and they expected to identify a career of sources in high school and are selected to guide them toward a specific career. I think was a good idea to commit to a career at a young age because they have more time to think about our career and learn more for that, and practice of the career, and take the position of a good life with work and patient on careers. The reasons why is good for a young age by know more careers and learning for a future, and earn more money and teach others about you learn in this professional career, and is most easily to find jobs in internet of in stores. For my example of this I choose a chef's career, and I'm learning more they teach me every day of how to cook and other things I do not know that; other example is when I am in high school and my teachers select me and others students for what is my career for my future they show me how to find careers in internet and I choose one of chef and the other is a doctor career i, choose the doctors, and they help me more in topic doctors and how to work in this job etc. and i more of medicine and I help people for having more safety. This is my examples of careers. The students enter in high school for graduating, and they expected to identify a career of sources in high school and are selected to guide them toward a specific career. I think was a good idea to commit to a career at a young age because they have more time to think about our career and learn more for that, and practice of the career, and take the position of a good life with work and patient on careers. The reasons why is good for a young age by know more careers and learning for a future, and earn more money and teach others about you learn in this professional career, and is most easily to find jobs in internet of in stores. For my example of this I choose a chef's career, and I'm learning more they teach me every day of how to cook and other things I do not know that; other example is when I am in high school and my teachers select me and others students for what is my career for my future they show me how to find careers in internet and I choose one of chef and the other is a doctor career i, choose the doctors, and they help me more in topic doctors and how to work in this job etc. and i more of medicine and I help people for having more safety. This is my examples of careers.