The school board should not add one and a half hour to school each day because most students have stuffs to attend after school, students can't work for to long because they will get tired, and students need enough time to be out of school and have fun. The school board should not add one and a half hour to school each day because most students have stuffs to attend after school. There are many students who take after school clubs and activities. They should have enough time to prepare their self's for the activity they are doing. If the school decides to add one and half hour than the students will have hard time focusing on their activities. Therefor, the school board should let students have time to go home and practice and get done whatever they need to. Next, the school board should not add one and a half hour to school each day because students can't work for too long because they will get tired. It's enough for students to be at school for about 8 hours but if the hours increase than the students will be exhausted. They won't have enough time to finish their homework, and they won't have enough time to do their housework. The students will feel exhausted in school and will be too tired to do school work. So the school board should not increase school hours each day. Last, the school board should not add one and a half hour to school because the students need some time to be out of school and have fun. Students will be stressed out for being in school for to long. They should go to fun places after school to get their mind of out of stressful things and have a great time with their friends. If they stay in school for extra hours than their brain won't be functioning that good. Therefor, the school board should not increase school hours each day. In conclusion, the school board should not add one and a half hour to school each day because most students have stuffs to attend after school, students can't work for to long because they will get tired, and students need enough time to be out of school and have fun. It's enough for students for being at school for almost 8 hours. If the school board adds more hours than it will be difficult for students to handle all the school work.  