Benefits of long summer breakfast students enjoy summer vacation and like to have a fun time. Some students may have more time to share with their family. However, some students uses that time to have a job and earn money for any emergency or for keep saving for their scholarships, if they have planned go to the college. I believed that students should have a regular summer break because some students have the ability to remember everything they learned before summer break, and also students may enjoy the weather and have some fun time. First reason that students should have a regular summer break is that students may be able to develop their strength, while they are enjoying their summer break. For instance some students may have summer school where they could make some extra school's work and keep everything they learned in mind. For instance my family just have time in summer, so I would like to try to do some extra help in summer school, and then enjoy the rest of the summer with friends and family. Also there are a few reason that why students may have a regular summer break. Continuously I will explain some more reason. Second reason that students should have a regular summer break is that students may be able to enjoy their break going to the pool, to camp, the river, the beach etc. however students may have also time to study on any subject that they want and have a fun time. Students may have a time for themselves, for instance they may sleep and wake up at any time they want, hence they have to clean up their house and give to their family some help.Also, students may study at home with their sibling in case they have, and do some activities to remember everything they learned. Third reason is that some educators feel that the summer break is too long and because that students do not retain information as easily when they return in the fall. But if educators really knows their students, they may be agreed with the regular summer break because that the only time that with have with a good weather to enjoy outside the house. What about if students have a long winter break, they will not be able to go outside because the snow or for the lowest temperature. What about if students have spring and fall off, also that time of the year is still cold not a lot of snow but cold, students may get sickness or something else. In addition, if students need to work because, they do not have the resort or the benefits as another students, they have to work but in winter time in some place of job are not hiring, so they could not work in winter break. In the final analysis some people would argue that students should have three-four week break in summer, a longer winter break and a week off in the spring and fall. However, the summer break is the best time of the year, because students may do something else as play any sports they want, and enjoy that time. Students may have the ability to retain information even after summer break. Addionality students would like the advance that they have of having a long summer break and be prepared for the next school's year.  