Study has been showed that students that been committing to their dream career before entering high school would be most likely to get their career more successful than other students. However, it'll be a stressful/pressure thing for students because they would have to achieve it faster than others. The issue of students committing to a career at a young age is a stressful, mental thing, should not be considered because students would be more stress, they would focus on their future career and not themselves and high school makes everyone change their minds. My firsts' reason why students should not commit to their career at a young age is because they would be more stress throughout high school. Yes, high school seems like an easy place to stick to your future career but at the same time it's really not. If you commit to your career throughout high school, you're more likely to be stress because you feel like okay if I do this I'll achieve faster but not at the same time if I do this I won't be achieving. So technically you just put yourself in a position that you really can't get yourself out of. Your focus on one thing that in your other classes it's hard to think or studied about. Yes, committing is easy but it's not. It's high school the place where your education change you. You would probably change your mind no time soon. Therefore, don't put yourself in the position to be stress. Pressure is a main key to everything nowadays because it's "fun". However, it is not. Being put on pressure is the hardest thing to be in because you feel like you have to do it to make someone or somebody proud. Like in this case your future career. You feel like your pressure because you want to make your parents, teacher, your school admins proud and know that you can really commit to things. As days or weeks goes on, the pressure level goes up and up and when that goes up you kinda get depressed, sad and not yourself because you are doing this for them and not you. High school changes everyone mind. As soon as, you walk into high school it's not the typically high school movie you think. It is place where students and teachers minding their selves and doing their know things. Middle school vs. High school are two different place. The classes are harder, high school have many electives to pick from so like of course you are going to change so like why would you want to stick to your career at a young age when your haven't taken those other classes. Like your never know what you actually like when you have tried taken those classes. In my personal opinion I would not commit to career at a young age. I learned from experiences and from others. Take the classes that you like in high and if you like keep moving on. If not, move to a different one. What your see on TV is not want you see in reality. So again in my opinionEveryone is different, you are different. Career is just a word. Don't push yourself at a young age. 