TechnologyTechnology have changed people in a lot of ways. People use technology almost everywhere they go. Technology, sometimes, is helpful and sometimes it's not. People use technology to find resources that are very helpful. Some people use technology to play games and discover inconvenient sites. Technology change peoples the way they live their lives. Using technology can have some intense effect on peoples health issues. Technology can cause people to perform bad things. Technology can change the way people live their lives. When people are using technology, they can't focus on what the other person is saying. Technology cause people of losing communication with their parents or their friends. Young people use technology more than old people. Young people are addicted to technology which is bad for them. School's do not like to let students use their cellphones during classes, because they will not focus on learning anything. If someone could take the technology away from young people, they would not communicate with their parents or not even make an eye contact with them. Technology can cause a bad habit for them. Using technology can have some bad effect on peoples health. A lot of people die in car accidents on account of them using technology while driving a car. People can get addicted to their technology devices, which is bad for their eyes. Using a lot of technology can cause people to go blind. Young people don't get enough sleep because they use their phones and stay up late. Some parents let their kids use technology and avoid what it can do to their kids. Some parents do care about their kids' health issues, and they take their devices away. Technology can cause people to get hurt. Technology can cause people to perform illegal actions. Technology has a very negative effect on the peoples lives. Many people kill themselves because the media tells them to do so. People see negative effects of the technology, and then they use them. People kill because of technology. Using technology can turn people aggressive, independent, and impudent. People shouldn't use technology a lot because it effects them emotionally. Technology is bad for people because it changes the way people live their lives. Using technology can hurt many people in different ways. It is bad for peoples health. Technology effects different kinds of people young and old.  