Graduating from Early is a Bad Impersonally I think graduating in three years instead of the traditional four years should not be allowed. School should really think about this idea before making it an actual thing, because for some students this could be a good thing, but for some students this could be awful. Graduating early to me is a bad idea because, I don't think it gives students the right amount of time to learn everything they need to learn while being in high school. In high school students go through situations, make mistakes and bad decisions, learn how to fix those things and not do them again. Students find what they really like to do in life while being in high school, but some students need a lot of time to find out what is that thing that they love and want to do for the rest of their lives. Students that play sports need to play for a good amount of time to get better at it and maybe get a scholarship, students that take mechanic courses or photography courses need a good amount of time to learn about everything they need to dominate on whatever they do, so that way colleges can come to their school, watch them and find out if they deserve a scholarship or not. While being in high school, students learn how to adapt to new environments, new people and even different languages so that way when they go to college they are ready for anything. Students that do want to follow this plan and graduate a year early, are going to have to go to school during the summers or in the evenings, if students do that then they won't be able to get a job and work what being in his school, and they won't be able to learn to manage their money and to figure out what's good or bad for them economically. I have a friend her name is Generic_Name, she graduated a year early because she took online classes and stayed after school to graduate a year early. Generic_Name goes to college and has trouble adapting to the new environment and dealing with different types of people, Generic_Name is having emotional problems because she is not sure anymore about what she wants to do in life. Generic_Name and I talk every day, and she tells me about everything she goes through, she tells me she can't get a boyfriend because she doesn't know how to maintain a healthy relationship, she tells me she's having economic problems because she doesn't know how to manage her money because while being in high school she worried more about getting her credits than actually learning what she had to learn to be ready to the real world. In conclusion, I think is a bad idea for schools to allow students to graduate in three years instead of the traditional four years of high school. Give students the right amount of time to learn everything they need to be ready for the real world.  