Allowing cell phones in classrooms it can be a benefit for some students and a disadvantage for others. Although some say that cell phones should be allowed in classrooms because they believe that using cell phones in the classroom it can help students to research for a project, or it can help to do any other assignment. Actually it shouldn't because students can cheat during a test, and they get distracted. Some say that cell phones shouldn't be allowed in classrooms because students can cheat during a test, and they get distracted. For example one day my English teacher told me that she let her students to use their phone during a test to search something about the meaning of the words that they don't know. Then, she told me that she told them that they can only use their phones to translate the words that they don't know what it means or to translated to their own language. After that she says that she gave to her students the test, and she went to seat to her desk, but then she was observing that one of her students was using his phone too frequently, she went to see what the student was searching, and she saw that the student was searching for the answers of the questions that the test have. After that, she saw that one of the others students was taking pictures of the exam, she went to see why the student was taking pictures of the exam, she asks him that why he was taking pictures of the exam, and he told her that he was sending the answers to his friend who was sitting in the back seat. Moreover, she told me that the other day that she was explaining the class, some students were using their phone and paying less attention to the class. Also, she says that the students who were using their phones during the class when they got the test they don't know what to answer because they were distracted with their phones, and they got a lower score in the exam. I believe that cell phones shouldn't be allowed in classroom because is a distraction for students, sometimes there are students that when the teacher is explaining the class they are using their phones and when the teacher gave them a test they got bad score in their test and that can be a problem because their grades can get very lower. Those who believe that cell phones should be allowed in classrooms have their reasons, they believe that using cell phones in the classroom it can help students to research for a project, or it can help to do any other assignment. One example can be my friend Generic_Name, his history teacher always gave him assignments that he have to search in the book about the Civil War or World War II. He told me that it's very complicated for him to search some things about those tittles in the book because the books doesn't have enough details for him to what to put in his assignment, or sometimes he doesn't know how to summarize the meaning of the paragraphs that the book have. However, when the teacher let him use his phone he began to search about the tittles that he have to search, and he says that it's easier for him to understand more about those tittles because he is using his phone for an educational purpose. Also, he says that when he plays Kahoot or Quizlet live (those are learning games that sometimes the teachers use to help students to study) he learns more than when he read a book. In my point of view I believe that cell phones should be allowed in school because for me is sometimes very complicated to read a book because there are some words that I don't understand, but when I use my phone to search it's easier because in the phone there are some meanings that I understand. In summary, some say that cell phones shouldn't be allowed in classroom because students can cheat during a test, and they get distracted. However, some believe that cell phone should be allowed in classrooms because it can help students to research for as project and to do any other assignment. In my opinion I believe that cell phones should be allowed in school because it is easy for me to search the meaning of a word that I don't know, and I feel that I learn more than treading a book.  