Technology allows people to complete many tasks without having contact with others. For example, people can check out books, they can go shopping from online, and play games without speaking to another person. However, the technology had positive and negative effects on people's lives. Although some people say that technology is good because all the people can use it for an emergency situation, actually many people believe that technology can change the attitude of the people and technology has more important people behind a screen than people around them. Although some people say that technology is good because all the people can use it for an emergency situation. Imaging that a family lives faraway from us and need help and nobody lives around this family. Further, in this situation is very necessary the technology because they can be in a very hard situation. For example, when I was in my country many families were living faraway from the city, and some of them did not have any device to communicate with their families or another person; however, some of them were having a really hard lives because sometimes they got sick, and they did not have the help from others, and they died because the technology was necessary by the moment. In addition, many people believe that technology is bad because technology can change the attitude of the people. In 1978 people were more respectful and some of them did not study, but they show the respect to each other. However, people keep saying that a person change the attitude because of: movies, music, novels, and cartoons. It is true some people the use technology constantly they can get mental problems, or they get blind using technology over and over. For example, I know these families that have a girl that is fifteen years old, and she likes to see many TV shows. This young girl acts like she is older than other teenagers because she does not obey to her parents. Her conduct is very bad, but that is the way her parents are growing her. This girl goes out whatever she wants and with whatever she wants. Sometimes I think that is her parents fault because they still keep buying many technology things. They do not pay attention to how their daughter is using the technology. By contrast, allowing children using technology at young age is very bad because some then do not use it appropriate, and when they get older their parents can not control them because they learn many bad things from the technology. Otherwise, parents can go out with them instated of using technology. Also, many people believe that technology is bad because technology has more important people behind a screen than people around them. It is true that many people are more focus on a screen almost all the time. The Psychologist Generic_Name said that "it is better have conversations face to face because people can be more clearly about situations", and he is right because using technology people can lie behind the screen. By this time factories create more devices that makes more people lose their mind in technology. Moreover, about ninety percent of all the people paid more attention to the technology than their families, or people around them. There is one example about lying while using technology, about five months ago I was reading this book that is call "Behind the Wed" and was very interested because the character was a woman teacher that was having communication with someone that she did not know anything about it; however, when they were sending messages the person the was behind was acting the was a man but was a girl acting like a man. When this teacher ask her about if they can do a video call she said not because she was lying to her. There are more examples the happens and real life to many people. In conclusion, technology can be good or bad, but that's depends on the manner of how the people want to use it. Technology does not stop increasing, yet people have to know how to use it in the appropriate moment and the correct form. Technology can change the life of many people.  