If the curfew is adopted, teenargers on the streets after those hours would be braking the law. Do curfews keep teenagers out of trouble, or they unfairly interfere in young people lives.? Yes the curfews keep teenagers out of trouble in those hours ;because, First it is not safe for teenagers to be out on the streets after those hours, Second police department have a code where it say that teenagers can't be out on the streets after 10 P. M, Finally teenagers at lest will be out of trouble after those hours they are not on the streets.1. First it is not safe for teenagers to be out on the streets after those hours. It is not safe foe teenagers to out on the streets after 10 P. M; because, after those hours is so many people who are driving it alcohol in their blood system, also many people on this day sales drugs to teenagers parents and family don't want their teenagers to count that things that's why the curfew is BS fantastic idea for teenagers to stay away from drugs in those hours we all know that teenager can get in trouble in others different places for example: many teenagers can't get in trouble during school hours, also in their way home, They can't also do bad thing when they are in their homes. In many places are crazy people that don't know what they are doing;for example, imagined is a crazy man shutting all over the place and is a teenager out at the time the crazy man see he or she is want to shot him or her, in many cased we see on this day bad people is every were around the world looking for teenager to sales or kill that way the curfew is perfect for teenagers.2. Second police department have a code where it say that teenagers can't be out on the streets after 10 P.M.the polices department have a code where it say that any teenagers under eating years old can't be out in the middle of the neigh by there self. The teenagers can out at the middle of the night only if they are we their parents, or family members who she or he has to be eating years old or more. In many states have this code to presents cases like;illegible burgs sales or illegal alcohol sale in many countries don't have this code, but others are taking advantages of it.3. Finally, teenagers at lest will be out of trouble after those hours they are not on the streets. Teenagers can be out trouble and those hours intend of been out at 10. P. Mhe or she can study more for schools, There for they can get better grades in school, they can go to bet early. Also, they can pass more movie night in family intend of being out getting in trouble. They also can stay away from breaking the law. In conclusion;Yes the curfews keep teenagers out of trouble in those hours because First it is not safe for teenagers to be out on the streets after those hours, Second police department have a code where it say that teenagers can't be out on the streets after 10 P. M, Finally teenagers at lest will be out of trouble after those hours not they are not on the streets. It is important to have curfews in or city because it can get teenagers to stay away of trouble and pass more family time and don't break the law.  