Students should work in groups or should work alone. Working alone students can be more focused during class; however, work in group is better. Work in group is more beneficial for students because students can share they ideas, they can be better in class, and they can learn from each others. It's more beneficial for students work in groups because they can share they ideas. For example, if the students are doing an important project or a simple homework they all can say theirs opinions. Also, they can research together to support they ideas and make a better work. Last, working in groups students can support the ideas from each others. It's more beneficial for students work in groups because they can share they ideas and make a wonderful group project. Is better to work in groups because students can be better in class. First, they can talk and find out what they don't understand and ask the teacher together. Also, teachers can save time because if they ask questions in group them the teacher can explain just one time and not explain one by one. Last, working in groups students can learn from the mistake of the other students and make less mistake. It's better to students to work in groups because they can be better in class and be more proper. If students works in groups they can learn from the people in the group. First, if a students need support or not understand the class material other people from the group can support them. Also, they can help each other to make a better group and everyone can understand the class material. Another example, is that students can research together to find better information. Is more beneficial for students work in groups because they can learn from each others and learn from the others' people from the groups. Students should work in groups because students can share they ideas, they can be better in class, and they can learn from each others. If students share they ideas them the other in the group can learn from them. Also, if students work in groups they can be better in class, and they can pass the school year. Last, working in groups students can learn from others and be better to the future. In conclusion, is more beneficial for students work in groups.