I think that working in group would be beneficial, because y'all can help each other and learn about work and can be practice words that they don't know. Another beneficial that help's you to work in group is that they can finish he work more faster than working alone, because if you work alone it takes too much time to finish the work. Sometimes when the teacher tell you to make a project and tells you that she's going to put groups to work you know that you don't have to speak by yourself because you know that your friends will help you to make it together. I think that work with someone else helps you to relax because sometimes you don't know something, but you can ask your friends if they know, and they help each other, but sometimes it's better to work alone because no one distract you and if you have friends that would be distracting because if you're trying to make your work and they're playing around that will be extracting even that you know that it's going to be more hard to finish your work you feel relax because everything that you're doing its right. If I have to choose from working in groups or working by myself i will prepare to work in groups because I think that would be more helpful for me. It's beneficial for me to work in groups, you know sometimes you have been stressing for too much work, and you know that no one can help you because you have to work alone, and if you work with someone you can talk with him or her ask about what this thing means or ask them for some opinion and get it together. Working alone you are thinking I have to do this and this I don't have no one to help me, and sometimes you don't finish your work because the project was hard, that's why it's better to work with groups both have benefices, but you didn't working alone for me, it's not a good choice, but it's not a bad choice. Even if you have to work by yourself you have to try your best. I know that a lot of people choice to work by there self, but one time you going to be wrong and you going to need help, both choices beneficial you one way or the other way. One day I was making a project by myself and that take me too much time to finish the project, and I was stressing because I didn't understand something's that they are asking me and I have no one to ask about it. I have done a lot of projects by myself and in groups and I know that working in groups helps you more 3 or 4 brand works more than one bran. If you finish the work faster you know that you have more time to do other things that you want to do, 