Student should commit to a career at young age they will save more money, and they will independent at young age also they can work and study at the same time when they get out from High School it would to be easier than career they want to take, and you have that help of the teachers during freshman year until you finish high school. When you want to become someone on this life you got to do whatever you have to do no matter if you need to work and study at the sometime. But if you want a good career you need to start at young age some people leave their family right after they finish High school. However, for people who was independent during high school they already know how life is, and it would be easier to leave their family, sometimes parents they don't allow you to live in another state or country because they say that you are the only daughter or son but what I said you got to do whatever you got to do someone on this life. For example some parents are immigrant on this country, and they did not have the opportunity that you have now so, they need to understand that you want to make them around and let you be who you want to be on this life.Also, you always have the support of the teachers during High school they will always go to push you forward it would make your future easier because they will give you choices of that career that you want to take and help you on your classes if you are not passing a class they will give you homework to get your grades up at the end of the year you ready to the next step. School is your second home because school will take you to your goal, teachers are you support if you don't have support from your family, but you got support from your good friends, and teacher. Otherwise, if you don't have support from your family do never stop looking for your goals because than they will be proud of you, sometimes family give you their back when you most need a support from your own blood, but sometimes you don't have any support from them and makes you sad, depresed. But at end of the day you have your teacher that they will never let you make you stop from whom you want to be. That's why is a good idea to identify a career by the time they enter high school. In conclusion, age doesn't matter to make a dream,there are many reasons to stop your goals but do never let anything or any person stop your goal but you're always going to have a support of your teacher and family, sometime you might not have any support but never stop doing what you want to be because at the end of the day you will be proud of yourself.