Other people would say that failure is a way you learn about your mistakes and where you can improve. Being successful isn't necessarily a way of failing so much it's a way to show that you're trying and trying while not giving up. I would have to agree on Mister Winston Churchill about "Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm." In other words, I believe being the person who's mistakes or failures is someone successful because they didn't give up they believed on their selves and continued to work harder. First, when you seem to fail every time but, you just keep believing in yourself that's how you know you want to be successful and when you look back at those days in either high school, work,or even at home. You'll notice that those days weren't perfect but, it's a way for you to learn about your failures in the end of the day you become someone whose very successful. My parents told me to always believe in myself and to never give up and if you fail over and over then get back up and do better. Second, it's not just us people who have failures, but celebrities also had failures believe it or not. Celebrities went through what we went through. Classmates either said "your not going to be famous your just going to fail." or" Your failures won't lead you to be successful you'll only fail again." They didn't care what they're classmates said they just kept trying and trying until they made it. For an example, Will Smith he kept trying to be successful in the acting world, and he once said that if it wasn't for his parents who told him to keep trying he wouldn't be where he is. Jackson Wang, he's a Chinese artist who didn't think he'd become successful, but now people see him as an inspiring artist who is also in a Korean boy group. So in other words, if you keep failing then keep trying because you'll become someone someday. In conclusion, Mister Winston Churchill is right about "success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm". His message about it would bring people to their feet and not give up. Just keep trying until you made it. Don't every say you can't do it, just keep believing in yourself you can do it.