Technology has had the biggest impact on human interaction. Most people might say it's made a positive impact on people's lives while others may disagree and say it's had a negative impact on people's lives. There may be some pros and there may be some cons to this situation. Can the impact of technology be a good or bad outcome? Let's start off with the pros or the positive effects' technology has had on people's lives, now technology has made people's lives easier. Some may say because it's easier to access what they need easier online instead of heading to the market. Some may also say it's easier and faster to call your friends or parents, any family member really, instead of driving all the way to them, which is true. Watching movies on your phone instead of going all the way to the movie theater and pay for your ticket and it only being a one time thing. There are countless positives outcomes of how technology has increased over the years. The technology nowadays makes everything faster and easier on people's lives. Unfortunately, all these great, glamorous, fast, and easy ways have some downfall to them. Now, technology definitely has its flaws and negative impacts on people's lives. Most can say there's not as many human interactions since technology has been brought upon people. Communication is key when interacting with one another. Today most people are also glued to their cellular device, not physically, but you get the point. Especially teenagers, they have a bad habit of not being able to put down their cellphone. Whether that being during school hours, at home when you're supposed to be doing work, and maybe even at work. The generation we have today is usually all about social media, and just being on their cellphone in general 24/7. Point-blank there's just no physical, verbal communication any more between one another. It may be causing a lot of students to slack in school, and it may not only go for students and teenagers, they're not the only victims. Some particular parents may be also glued to their cellphone just as teenagers. It's not their fault nor do the teenagers have any fault in this. All this is because of the evolution of technology. It's not pleasant to live in a world with not so much communication and everyone is constantly glued to their cellphone nor is it pleasant to do awful in school because you can't put your cellular device down. Now, these are just some reasons and examples why technology has a negative impact on people's lives. Can you imagine how many more scenarios like this happen daily? Though technology has evolved drastically throughout the years and is still evolving now as we speak, there's always going to be positive and negative impacts. Technology does help and allow people to complete tasks without having contact with others. There's the problem right there, there's no communication. Even though there are some positive effects of technology that doesn't change the fact that there are more negative effects than positive. Technology effects each person a different way, whether that being positively or whether that being negatively. It's all a mix, and by mix I refer to positive effects and negative effects all over the place. Some people may disagree or may agree whether it's a bad mixture or a good mixture. Cell phones and all technology can make it easier or harder for certain people. Whether if it truly is a positive or negative impact it will not change what people think or at what position they're in. Some people just like taking the easy way out and not cope with what they are losing and missing out on, communication. Human communication and interactions are not it anymore. Everyone's opinion and saying on this dilemma is different, people's mindsets are different even their actions are different from everyone else's, but this is my opinion. In conclusion, that is why I strongly, and genuinely believe technology has a negative effect on people's lives.  