This world would never be how it is now if it wasn't for technology. Technology has made a big change to this world. Most people think it has made a positive change, and others think it's made a negative change. Technology has helped schools and business, but also has made some people's life impossible. So maybe, some people are wrong maybe having technology isn't so great after all. Over time people stop talking to each other. Stop focusing on school, families, friends, relationships, All because of technology. If there was no technology there would be no social media. People see thing online that will make then mad and always want to put it on other people, and it all makes it a big problem. The relationships with those people then gets broken and never want to talk to each other again. Before technology was created, families used to have game night, the whole family would all be at the dinner table eating their food and talking about their days. They would go on trips and have fun and enjoy their beautiful moments with friends and family. They would have a nice healthy sleep. Now it's all different. People get home from work to go watch T.V. or be on their phone all night long. People don't have family dinner anymore. This is a big problem that has effected a lot of people. When I was younger I remember my parents giving me a lot of attention. As I started growing up it started to go away. We wouldn't go on trips anymore. We all wouldn't be at the dinner table anymore. Everything started to change, then over time I started to realize it was because of technology. They were just so obsessed with it, they never got off it. Then I got my first phone and I understood why they didn't come out of it. You always wanted to know what was going on with the drama, news, Facebook, Snap Chat, etc. That shouldn't be how this world should be running. God created this world, so we can all stick together, be nice to each other, and care about each other. If technology wasn't created then maybe everyone would be happy with their life's. Every day would be a happy day for everyone. Even though technology has made some good impacts, I still think it would be better without it. Life will never be the same how it was before without it. 