It is not a good idea for student to graduate in three years because some students don't want to take classes in the summer because they want to graduate all four years and chose to go to college or chose to go straight into the work force. But some other students chose to take those courses and graduate in three years and take some classes in the summer. It up to them to chose if they want to go to college or go straight into the work and start making money to help themselves. But I suggest graduating from high school in four years is a good idea because students want to spend some time with their families before going into college if they chose or go straight into the working force. So it is not a good idea to graduate high school in three years and take summer or evening classes because it can be too much for you if you work in the summer because you will always be going back and forth from school to work, and you will not have time to be with your family and go on vacations with them. So graduating from high school in three years is a bad idea because it will take up all your free time in the summer, and you won't be able to spend time with family and friends, and you won't be able to do all the things you wanted to do after you graduate high school in three years because of all the summer classes, and you have to take when you graduate high school in three years. Because when you graduate high school in four years you have all the time in the world if you don't go to college but when you have a job you can take some time of to spend some time with your family and friends. And also if you go to high school for four years you will be able to take all the elective courses you want and graduate high school in four years and not having to take any summer classes or evening classes and also having the time to spend some time with your family your relative and your friends and also be able to do all the thing you wanted to do before going to college or into the work force. So I think that graduating from high school in three years is not a good idea. There are so many things to do when you graduate high school in four year like going to the beach sky, diving,go carts, barbecuing with your family and friend and so on and so forth.