Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because, you're getting people's opinions and their way of handling a situation people can give you advice that you wouldn't have thought about before and that will help your choice in many ways. Some peoples opinions can support your choice or can go against your choice. Getting other people's opinion can help someone think of a better choice and make that choice more helpful to that someone. Why getting other people's opinions can help someone make a better choice or think of a better choice is because, people can tell you the same thing but in a different wording. Having different opinions can make someone think of a better choice because people give that someone ideas of the choice they're going to make. Having more opinions does help a lot because they could make someone's choice more beneficial and help someone's way of thinking about better choices, having less people wouldn't really want to persuade someone to make better choices, and it wouldn't be that make someone think of a better choice. The more opinions people give someone, the more likely the choice will be, or they will think of a better choice. Opinions can persuade someone to make a better choice because a good friend or a good person can give his opinion that would make someone want to make a better choice having lots of good opinions can benefit someone's choice and make better choices. Having two or one opinion doesn't persuade someone to make better choices but having five or eight people could make someone want to make better choices because people can be very persuasive, and some people wouldn't really listen or care what one or two people say but if its at least five or more than there is chance of that someone might listen or even care because lots of friends and family or even teacher want that someone to make better choices and he or she can't just ignore that unless they want to make bad choices. Having advice from close ones can be helpful to because they can persuade someone to make choice that will benefit their life and ensure that they will not regret that choice they made in the future. That's why having multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice, they help people think of better choice and new ones to, they can persuade people to make better choices, having more opinions can benefit their choice, having more opinions can make someone's choice more beneficial, having more opinions can give someone ideas. That's why having multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice.