Should the city council adoption the curfew of a 10 p. m weekday and a midnight weekend curfew for teenagers? You often hear people say that teenagers are costing more problem to other people and for the around them environment. The city council should adoption the 10 p. m midnight curfew for teenagers because teens would stay out of problems, and they would have more time to do school work. To start, the curfew would avoid teenagers being in problem with the law. For example, teens with the curfew would not be in gangs or cost problem to others. Let's say that teens had the curfew it would expand beyond the level of doing good to others and staying out of gangs or doing bad stuff. They would be able to achieve their goals fast and force on what is next in life. Even though, this curfew sounds bad it's not bad because teens would learn that the curfew is just to help them and help the surrounding environment. Secondly, the curfew would allow teens with more time on their schools work and have time to force on their work. For example, teens would have more time to focus on their schools work than being on the streets with gangs. With that being said teens would have a chance of achieving their dreams and being successful in live without a bad influences. In this scenario, it shows that a curfew is not bad because it has some good way in live, and it allows people to do good stuff for others. Ultimately, with this curfew it allows young people to see the better side in life, and it would help them to stay focus on schools by achieving their work and doing the right things. Some people may say that having a curfew is unfairly interfered in young people lives. For example, young people have the right to choose the way they want to be. Therefor, being later in night dose not meant that young people are doing bad stuff or there are in gangs also they are just having fun in their way. Thus, being in a curfew it shows young people that there are controlling by other people just because they have a different way of having fun. In this scenario, it shows that having a curfew is just unfairly for teenagers just because other teens got in trouble it does not means that all the young people needs to have a curfew. In conclusion, the city council would just being helpful to the young people by add a time limit. And it would help the environment around them, and it would give more time and focus to the young people. All in all, it is a good thing to put a curfew because teens would have more time to spent with their family and doing good stuff for the environment.  