Asking one person is great! Maybe asking your best friend for there opinion is great and all, but have you tried asking more than one person? However, even though asking your friend is great, but have you thought about what other people may be thinking or there opinions on it? Wanting to ask your friends is nice of you, however they could be lying to you about there real opinion. Therefor asking more than on person is better than asking just one, and you get honest opinions on what you may have asked about, or what you may have wanted to know about. People think if asking more people for there opinions on what they asked about is better than just asking one person about there opinion. For example, somebody wants to know the best why to make some great yummy cookies. Nevertheless, there may be sometimes were when you ask people you may get a tie between the two choices, and if you do get a tie just go ask one more person for there opinion. Many people ask more than seven to eight people some people don't have even numbers, however if you do get an even number there can always be more on one side of the vote or opinions. I was drawing in my notebook and I finished a drawing, but for some reason I did not know what colors I should use. Then I asked my two sisters my mother and my father for there opinions on what colors I should use. Most of them picked the same colors, but my mother and my two sisters all picked the same color. Therefor, if you ask more than one or two people than you can find out which is the best out of the two things you wanted opinions on. Even though sometimes asking more is great you still have to pick which one you like the most if there were to be a tie, and you don't want to go ask any more people for there opinions about the topic if not your fine. Either way the most voted would be best, but if you pick the least liked am pretty sure that other people may not like it. Like my grandma used to say, "more votes are more points in life". There are most likely 10% of people who don't ask for others opinions, and 89% of people who go out and ask people for there info about the topic or there opinion about it. Go ask your friends or family if they ever asked more than one person for there opinion. See almost everybody has asked if they haven't they well soon. My mother want's to get a tattoo, however she doesn't know which one she should get, and she doesn't want to get something that people or here kids may not like. After she put the pictures of the ones she liked she then put on Facebook to find out which one people like the most. Also, I gave here my opinion as well, and now she has enough opinions, and she knows the one she is going to get. Honestly asking people for there opinions are great because you get peoples opinions on which one is the best and which one is the worst.