It is 21st century people have their own opinion and decisions. Human revolutionary has changed drastically over the time. People now are smart and makes wise decisions on their daily basis. However, people tend to take risk upon their decisions without any consultancy with experts and authorities. People should always seek guidance from experts and authorities whenever they are making any big decisions. It will be easier for them to choose options when they seek guidance from someone who already knows about it. People often tend to make wrong decisions when they make decisions by themselves. A lot of celebrities have their personal guidance which is their manager. Manager makes a thoughtful decision for celebrities to keep them on track of their career. If celebrities tend to make their own decisions many celebrities would go downfall in their career. The decisions people make should be thoughtful and have guidance from experts. Christopher from into the wild book, he is one of the example for to take advise from experts or else people will end up like Chris. Christopher did not take any guidance from anyone while going into the wild of Alaska alone. He did not have any good materials to take with and didn't ask for help. MC candles died into the wild of Alaska because he was not prepared for the trip he was going into. This is exactly why people should take advise, if he had taken any advice whatsoever he would most likely have survived in the Alaska wilderness. He chose not to take any guidance which is the reason he died into the wilderness. Everyone wants to have a successful life but not everyone gets it. If people want to have a success in their life they have make right decisions or seeking the guidance from experts. There are only few people who succeeded in their career while making their own decisions even if they succeeded on their own they will need a manager to keep on track of their career. Person who seeks a lot of advises from experts and authorities tend to be on advantages on their business. It will be more reliable to make a big decision while seeking advice from expert rather than making it all alone. People are more likely to take a wrong decisions while doing it alone. Overall, everyone should seek guidance from experts and authorities while making the decisions. It will be always more beneficial to have an advice while making big decisions in life or else people will end up like Christopher from into the wild.  