Should schools control how many extracurricular activities you take? There should be a certain extent in when schools can control how many out of school activities your in. The students' family should be the deciding factor in whether you leave or not. That is if you start to fail classes, your parents ask the school to take you out of some, or if your attendance towards the meetings look bad. Then that is when the school helps decides what happens towards the student.First, I think it should be a certain extent in what you can enroll for, but it should always be up to the student and their families since that is a major factor inn deciding what to do. If the family thinks the child has no time to do homework or study for upcoming test then they should talk to the student about the issue and hear what the student has to say. If the family decides on letting the child continue is upon them but if they chose to take their child out of the extracurricular activities they must notify the child's guidance counselor and notify the main person in the activityHowever, if the students starts to fail classes or most of your grades keeps dropping the students' guidance counselor should talk to the student and see why. If they see to many extracurricular activities then there should be a talk with the student to see which ones he can drop for the time until the grades are up. This should encourage the student that if they want to be a part of the activities the have to be able to maintain their grades. Lastly, if the child's attendance to the meetings are bad and are inconstant they should not be allowed to participate in the extracurricular activities. The child should only miss up to five meetings per month without any consequences. By making the child leave the club and notifying their parents the reason why then should the child be kicked out. Without furthermore, reasons the child could be suspended from coming to the meetings for a certain amount of time. In conclusion, the school should have very little say in the decision of a student being a part of an extracurricular activity. More or less said the families have the most say in the deciding factor unless the students grades are dropping or starts to fail some of their classes. Their attendance towards meetings are bad or if they just don't go to any meetings.  