To be my self in this world I do not necessary need all the people that are around me. I can continue with life by my self. All the achievement that I have been doing are made by my self because, I afford without the help of people that are around me. In this world that I know, I can not trust anybody because instead of wishing me the good things they wish me the worst. People sometimes are bad because they are telling me to do bad things, school does not help me to be someone in life, and they do not want me to be successful, but without them, I would be someone with a better future in the world. To make an accomplishment, I do not need all people that are around me. They are not going to help me to be successful in this world. An example is I had a friend named Generic_Name she was a nice person with me, but them she started to change. Generic_Name told me to skip school with her because, school is not going to help me to be someone in life. She had a misconduct with her parents. She did not stop to do bad things, so I stop talking to her because, My parents did like her anymore. I wanted to be friend with her but, what she was doing it was not good, so I need to worried about me. To be someone in this world I have to work hard to do what I want without others around me because, when I need something, or I get in trouble they are not going to be there with me. An example is yesterday I took a test with others students in math class, and one of them told me to help him. I did not want to help him because, the teacher can get mad at me. After we finished the test he got closed to me, and he was complaining. I told the student that he should study because, people are not going to be their when he needs to take a test. Another reason to be successful in this world is that I would never give up, and will always do what even if the people said that I am not going to make it. An example is I am graduating this year's and my cousin told me that I am not going to graduate because I am not very smart. I do not care what she said but, the only thing that I know is that I am trying my best to graduate this year. Sometimes I want to cry because she is always saying bad things to me. In this world I don't need nobody to be someone else even my family. After all this, I think that I do not need people around me because they are not going to be there to support me. Being with people that is around me is not good because, some of them would tell me to do bad things instead of doing good things. In this world that I am living right now people can kill me and cause me so much damage. It is better to just you in this world because you do not have to worried about someone else.  