Well what I think about praising for a student is that it could be achievement or self-esteem. Praising could be good/bad the way how you used it. People who are a praising could be good/bad people who help other people just like a hero, it also means a ruler too. People who used praising could use it as an expression. Some people used praising as self-esteem to get there anger out on someone, and some people used it as an achievement. Some people used praising as self-esteem to ignore their pain or just get the ranger out. Some people that are using praising as an achievement is good person why because you can do lots of things that make other people think you are a hero or a leader. It could use it in school, wrok or in general outside the word. there's lot praising in the world. There's fighter who help people with a burning house, and there's a cop who find bad guys who deserve to go to jail like criminal or robbers. And now there's us we can help people by asking if they need help if they are struggling to carry something, or they have a flat tire you can help them. Just overall help people that are struggling because people will follow your step by seeing you do it. If you see an old lady go help her bring the stuff to her car or ask her do you need any help if she says yes then help her and if she says no then she's fine but at least you ask because some people are watching who is helping or not. Our world need better people by help other people, we don't need any drama or bad stuff happen to our world like that. We need our world to be friendly so other people can visit us more. How you can make this world better is by help other people that are struggling, care for each other, be friendly to other people make friends, and lastly be positive to other people who you see. The truth about praising is that it depend on other people sees it and used it outside the world. If you used Praising for bad that's on you but if you used praising for good then yay for you you're making this world a better place and environment for other people and changing others people mind about our word we live in. Some people used praising for good and some people don't and that's okay, why because people see praising differently from what we see in person, and that's fine that's normal for people that don't think the same as we do. 