I disagree with Emerson, because if you try to do something different of what you are doing you will grow. But if you cap doing that same thing you will never grow. For example in your life you do different thing to know more about that world, you experiment different thing to know thing that other people don't know to became strong person and I think doing different thing you will grow. For example when you are become father & Mon you change you experiment thing that you never imagine how that work. Like some people they're still acting like kids I think is because they talk we person they are not they age, they talk to young men like there age is 17 & 19 this you men they still don't know how to act like men, when there age is 40,this how you will never grow. Because a man change to a man is when they are 25 this is that age that you are change thing, and this way people get old, and they still act like kids. Other people grow fast because I think that was how that family teacher, like in all family they are not same they grow in different TIPE. Like some family star teach to their kids thing that they don't be doing, try to teacher the better thing. For example when they are having dinner all together in a restaurant some part talk to their kids before they go in. they are having the food they need to be put off they table & phone, to not talk when they have food in there cause at that time you star grow. In the culture you be different that other people. Like when you going to their house you will be better person for example your friend they you hey what are going to do after school you like to have dinner with my family you know more better this how your part teach when you are kids. Because when you are you men, and you still know how that work you will cap doing that was how you learn Like other family they don't that, when they are eaten they use table phone that was you will never grow, you get to old person, and you will cap doing that same thing that you be doing when you were a kid and i think you main don't grow.