I DISAGREEHello there!!! Do you know that Albert Einstein is one of the smartest person that ever live, he discovers by using knowledge and imagination? Then he said this" imagination is more important than knowledge." I disagree because you see you use imagination and knowledge in the rest of your life, when you work as a team you use imagination and knowledge, and you need to be fast, strong, and smart, and imagination and knowledge is important. OK' let me explain why I disagree what Albert Einstein said. First, when you are a kid you use imagination to make things, to draw, to make discovered, and to have fun. When you grow older you will get knowledge and use it to pass your test, do your homework, and more, but you use your imagination too. For example by thinking, to brain storm, to make music and more, is the same thing however you use knowledge with imagination. Both imagination and knowledge, you have those things from your rest of your life!!! Starting when you were a kid and when you grow older you still use both imagination and knowledge, that's one of my important reason why I disagree. Second, you use imagination and knowledge when you work with somebody or working as a team, making something or thing how can we make it stronger or how can we win. If your working as a team and battling a robot battle you use imagination to think what's the best robot to build and how to make it stronger, that one of the examples. If you play sports you use knowledge to think what to do, how to win, it's the same, but you use knowledge. However, there's a battle that you work as team, using imagination and knowledge, it is a war!!! Let me explain its because you use imagination to know what's the plan, what is the things were using and knowledge to know when to attack, that one of my reason, when using imagination and knowledge in a team you need to be fast, strong, and smart. The last one, imagination and knowledge is important, because imagination and knowledge is both important because if kids can't imagine there's no knowledge or if there is no knowledge there no imagination. Every body need imagination and knowledge to do what they want and both of these is fun like they can make things, they work as a team, and it will be at there rest of there life. This last body or body 3 is connected in body 1 and body 2 this is the most important reason. If there's no imagination there are no knowledges, both of does is important every one need imagination and knowledge. That's all my reason why I disagree that "imagination is more important than knowledge" both of those is important, you use it by playing, making, thinking, and more, that's all I have to say that I disagree on Albert Einstein.