Should schools control the involvement of extracurricular activities, or should extracurricular activities be left to student and their families? Many students become involved in extracurricular activities to enrich their educational experiences, and some even become involved in so many activities that they have little time to study or complete homework assignments. Extracurricular activities can affect a student but also can help students. Extracurricular activities should be left to the students and their families because students would do something they like, and students will concentrate more in class. First reason why extracurricular activities be left to the students is because, student would be doing something they like. For example, the student chooses a activity they like such as soccer:they would be having fun without stressing out over school or any other problem going on. Many students wouldn't like for the school to put them in an activity they don't like. In fact, many students would prefer to not be in an activity they do not like, than being in the activity they don't like. Second reason why extracurricular activities should be left to students is because, it would make them concentrate in classes more. For example, many activities require having good grades to be part of it. Student would focus more in class and work harder to get good grades. This would make the student look good but also the school for having students who out reach others. Having good grades is important when being in any other activity because the student would have to manage their time for school, activities, and homework. In conclusion, students and their family should be able to control what the student take or not take. If schools were to control what a student can take student would be who they are. They will also not care about the activity and start not caring about their grades. Student would also be happy and calm not having to worry about something they don't enjoy doing. Students are still growing more and more;the more students we have which means more students to be happy. Student shouldn't be forced to take something they don't enjoy because they won't learn anything from it if they don't like that.