Working in groupSometime working alone can be hard, because by working alone you can't know your classmates, and then you don't have any friends to work. So students should work in group, Although, working with group is more beneficial because you can know more about your class friends, can have fun during work, and you can divide work in group. First reason, why working in a group is more beneficial, because you can know more about your class friends. There are many students that come from other countries or other school, so they should work in group. It is good idea to show for those students that come from other countries they will love to know the way they work in class, and it is great for English learner because By working in group you have to talk more than work. In group work students can help each other as friends explains something to each other. Another reason, why working in group is more beneficial, because you can have fun during group activity. Like working on project is fun when you have group, because every person have different idea and when as a group you put all ideas together it is going to be very interesting and by working in group you can increase your knowledge. There are many fun activities in classes that students should work in group like you can debate to other groups on any class topic. That turn a boring topic into fun topic so that way students can also work happily. Finally, why working in group is more beneficial because you can divide work in groups that way students can complete work on time. Students can focus more than working individual. They think it is kind of challenge to them against other groups. That way they give their best to work and complete assignment on time. Students can study as a group for test they can make some quizzes for their group to study for test that way they can do better in test. Working in a group is important to students, and it has many benefits. Many people do jobs with different kinds of experience people, and they work as a group they get many benefits in group work. So it is great for students to work in groups and to learn many new things from other students. So that's why working in a group is beneficially.  