Many people believe that teenagers should have a 10 p. m curfew on the weekdays and during midnight weekends. In my opinion I say having a 10 p. m curfew on the weekdays for teens that works and get out of work late might not be a good idea. Another example can be, you never know when an emergency can happen at your house and or anywhere else, and you have no one to pick you up or an emergency occurs at your house, and you have no one to take you, at least you got your son/daughter to help you out. Lastly during high school is when you get a lot of projects to take home and when you have tested the next day and a project due before that can be a hand full, and it can stress them out, by letting them do their work and have more time to study, it improves their grades in school, and they do better in their classes. I have a lot of friends that as soon as they get home they get ready to go to work, and most of them come out at 10 p. m but by the time they get home it can a little more passed 10 p. m depending on how far their job is from their house. Many teenagers help to support their family in whatever they can, having a job that can help them support your family is truly a good help. Letting your son work passed 10 p. m is not something you want to get in between due to their boss changing their schedule sometimes and if he's helping you out by giving you money to pay a bill or to go buy food for the house it's worth him/her working a little late. I have friends that work very hard in school, and after they home they change, they put on their uniform, and they go to work to bring food the house due to his mom not getting paid good enough at her job. Others work to buy themselves their own needs, for example when they have school dances, and you need to buy a ticket and your mom has no money, by working you can buy a ticket and attempt to the dance. Another example is prom, prom can be one of the most exiting activities high school has, but it can also be very expensive if you have no money and you're trying to look nice and presentable. You never know when an emergency can occur at your house, and you have no one to call or help you out. I once had a friend that his mom was pregnant, and he had little siblings that could not drive but him, and as the pain started to get worst he took her the Hospital and thank god everything turned out fine for them but the reason they didn't call anyone else for help due to the fact they're new in the city and didn't know anybody, and it was passed midnight, so his older son carried her to the car and drove her to the Hospital. You never know when an emergency can happen to you or someone in your family at anytime. Another example was when my dad and I drove to Walmart to buy my mom some medicine because she had a bad fever and a headache, and we left the house exactly at 10:30 p. m and when we got back home we gave her medicine and the next day she felt a lot better. During high school is where I have gotten a lot of projects that are hard to make and their due two days later, not only do I be having projects, I am having homework from all my teachers and test that I need to study. Staying up late to complete your work can most definitely help you complete your work or at least do more than what you couldn't have finished if you were to sleep at 10 p. m. Whenever I have a lot in mind like projects, homework, make-up work and test that I need to study really be stressing me a lot until a point where I feel like I'm being rushed, and I can't concentrate right if I have other things in mind that I need to get done. But by having no curfew you can go to bed late, but at least you were calmed about it and you weren't rushing into getting it done, when you took your time. Many people can see 10 p. m curfew as something that should be done, but think about the consequences that it can have for example, not being able to work and help your family because can work passed 10 p. m, or you never know when something can happen to anybody at anytime and there's none to help out, or when you need more time to complete your project that you weren't able to finished due to curfew. Think about many other things that can be done, other things that can help others.