This quote by Ralph Waldo Emerson wrote "to be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else the greatest accomplishment". People don't have to be something else as the greatest accomplishment. People are not being themselves in the world. This quote is not true because people are not achieving their goals, they are trying to be someone else, and they are not being about themselves. The're not achieving their goals if the world wants them to do something. People need to achieve their goals without someone telling what to do in their life. They have to know if they is the goals right for them to achieve, People with goals often don't like their goals because the world wants them to be something else in their lives. Often times people mistaken for want they want to be versus what they don't want to do. People who are not achieving their goals they go to be something else because they don't have a goal, or they are not themselves. People are trying to be something else in their life by being not themselves. People have tried being themselves but failed because they can't find themselves. The majority of people will be something else rather than then be who they are inside them. The world is a big place to be in for people, and they don't want to express themselves out in the world, so they try to be something else to fit in. The majority of people who are something else are not happy for their decision because they are trying to hide their real self. The majority of people are not being themselves in the world because they are not happy about themselves. People don't want to express on who they are in the real world and hide themselves. People are not showing who they are out in the world. Often times people don't like to see themselves because they haven't found themselves. People are most likely to go out at be something than to follow their goals. People don't have to be something else as the greatest accomplishment. People are not being themselves in the world. They hide it to become something these in the world. This quote is not true because people are not achieving their goals, they are trying to be someone else, and they are not being about themselves.  