The British Prime Minister Winston Churchill once said that "success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm." Although many people believe that Churchill's statement is wrong, I believe in the important role that failure plays in people's lives to be successful in the future. In fact of the society, failure is a bad experience, however, I believe that failure is a way to help people to grow in personally, to be more successfully, and teaches you how to be mannerly. Every single day, we are exposed to a reality that can be favorable or unfortunate. Where people need to learned about their failures, and grow personally from their new experiences. They made you more mature. That can be the example of my aunt, a nice woman who had an accident in the past. She was traumatized after that accident, but that never stop her to receive professional help with enthusiasm and do what she likes to do, helps others. My aunt understood that everything is possible if we do not loss our enthusiasm, and our pleasure to be success. Life treat of deal with all unexpected situations. Failures that people never thought that could happen to them. However, everything depends on your enthusiasm, if you want to stay in the same place or learned about your failure and keep going until you accomplish your dreams. Generic_Name, a friend, is an example of the statement just mentioned. Generic_Name wanted to pass his classes in order to graduate. Generic_Name's teachers always told him that he was wasting his time if he was planning to go to the university, but Generic_Name never loss his hopes. Generic_Name became more expert in every subject, he graduated. Moreover, he demonstrated that everybody could be successful, if they try their best. Everything has two faces, like a coin. As failures can be bad experiences, they can also be helpful if we look at them with good eyes, and if we receive them with good manners. People need to realize that the way in which a thing is happening is not bad at all. Thing happens to foment our self and made us more mature. An example of this can be all of us. When we are passing for a bad moment we need to control our behavior, take a rest and think positively to be successful. In conclusion, Churchill's statement is more than right. Do not pay too much attention to the different failures and keep going with enthusiasm, is the key to be successful in life. Accomplish a dream that we are fighting for, is the best that could happen to everybody. That is why we do not need to discourage and loss our enthusiasm just for a failure that happened to us.  