People who value self-reliance define it as the need for each individual to follow his or her own instincts and ideas. That's why I believe that people should always try to seek guidance from experts and authorities about life's important matters. I understand that some people may like making their own decisions, but it's always good to take advice from experts. It's always good to talk to someone in case of an emergency. For example, I was sick at home with a lot of pain and I refused to go to the hospital, until I talked to a doctor about how I was feeling, and he suggested that I go to the hospital to get checked up, and I did, and it made me feel a lot better. Sometimes it's good to take an experts' advice in a matter like I was in, you don't always have to take their advice but It's good to just talk to someone about it and keep in mind what they say for future references. It's always good to follow your own instincts, but sometimes it's not. There are people who have experienced the same thing you might be going through right now and are certified or trained to help. For example my aunt is currently training to be a consular for high school kids and her goal is to gain the trust of her students, so they can come to her when they need help. She always tells me that she was a high school kid at a point, and she knows what its like and the problems kids might be going through, so that's why she's training to help them in making the right decisions. When I need help making a life decision about something like college I go to my consular who's been in college and knows what could be right for me, I always take in mind what they advise me and make a decision. It doesn't always necessarily need to be help for an adult it can always be help from a sibling or other family member who has been through what you have and who you know will lead you in the right direction. I understand that some people may like making their own decisions, but it's always good to take advice from experts. 