When I grow up I would like to do five things. The first thing I would like to do is go skydiving. The second thing I would like to do is go to Europe and visit many places there. The third thing I would like to do its own my own construction company. The fourth thing I would like to do is go back to my country and buy back my childhood's house. The fifth thing I would like to do when I grow up is Learn about my family and where they come from and how it was for them. The first thing I would like to do when I grow up is skydive. One reason why I would like to go skydiving because I like heights and high places. Another why I would like to go skydiving because I would like to see the view from such height and how amazing it looks. The last reason why I would like to go skydiving because I would like to feel like I'm flying like a bird skimming through the sky. I would like to go skydiving because of those three reasons. The second thing I would like to do when I grow up is go to Europe and visit many places there. I would like to go to Europe because I like many countries and their history that are located in Europe such as Greece, Germany, France, and Italy. I would like to go Europe because I like most European history such as the Spartans history, the Roman Empire's history, and the Persian Empire's history. Furthermore, I would like to go to Europe because I would like to Learn many European Languages such as French, German, Greek, Polish and much more. Furthermore, I would like to go to Europe because of those three reasons. The third thing I would like to do when I grow up its own my own construction company. I would like to own a construction company because I like construction and engineering. I would like to own a construction company because I like building and would like to build famous buildings and many other things. Furthermore, I would like to own a construction company because I would like to build as a career and as a hobby. Furthermore, I would like to own my own construction company because of those three reasons. The fourth thing I would like to do when I grow up is go back to my country as a visit. I would like to go back to my country, Generic_City, because I've spent most my life, and all my childhood there. The second reason I would like to go back to my country is because I want to buy my old house back and go to it once a while. The reason why I want to go back to my country is because I was born there, and feel at home there. Those are the reasons I would like to go back to my country and visit it many times. The fifth thing I would like to do when I grow up is learn about my family. One reason I would like to learn about where my family comes from and what struggles they went through and how they got there. Another reason I would like to know from where they came from and why they left it and what race they were. I would like to see to whom I'm related to and if they were bad or good people, if they served in any wars or were famous people. Those are the reasons why I would like to learn about my family's past. When I grow up I will do five things that I would want to. The first thing I will do is skydive because of the view from such height. The Second thing I will do is go visit many countries in Europe and learn many of the European languages. The third thing I will do its own my own construction company because I'm into construction and would like to build many things. The fourth thing I want to do is go back to my country and visit it many times. The fifth thing I would like to do when I grow up is learn about my family's past and where they come from. Those are the five things I will do when I grow up.