Should Generic_School extended school day's by two hours for four days a week? My opinion about this is we shouldn't let this happen for many reasons for example; Students would be waking up late, People got jobs after school and responsible after school, Students wouldn't have time to do homework and actives after school. Having to go to school for four days would be great and all but I would rather go to school for that extra day then just four days for ten hours. Other people would agree with me and my reason why we shouldn't let this happen. I'll give you more detail reasons about why we shouldn't let this happen. My first reason, Students would be waking up late to school, It's very important to go to school and people waking up late could cause a lot of problems with the government and with parents. The student attendance would drop a lot, Students would be waking up later on in the day, And would be missing a lot of class work in the moving that could be important. That they would have to make up which could be hard because they would have to stay after for school if we would have ten hours of school, and it would be hard to do it in class. If we didn't have two hours added to are day then it would be much easier to stay after school, And students would be waking up on time and going to school more often. Next reason, Some students have jobs after school and responsible. If we had ten hours of school it would be impossible to take care of this thing. Having a job is important some students could be going through tough times like family issues, Some students even have kids to take care. Some students got a lot to handle that and school work and going to school. Other students they got other thing to do for example list people family members, having chores to do around the house. Now, My last reason would be students wouldn't have time to do homework and actives after school. There area lot of students who stay after for help with there homework, Clubs and sports, some students enjoying staying after and practicing joining the soccer team, foorball team etc. Students even have time to work on there homework when they get out of school. If we had added two more hours than we wouldn't have sport or staying after, It would probably be late and teachers don't want to stay longer then they should and parents could get worried about the kids for staying longer. These actives could affect students class work, How tired the students get and sore when they come back from school. In conclusion, We shouldn't add two more hours to the school day for four days a week it could affect students attendants and how they act with others, People have jobs and responsible after school and students actives and homework. That's why we should keep the school days normal and how long we stay in school. Student's come to school on time and prepare to learn. They do want they have to do after school and everyone is happy with that, Others will be unhappy if we would add two more hours to are day.