Imagine waking up in the middle of the night and suddenly all the technology devices went off. What will you do, how will you see where you are going, play games online or communicate with your families far away. Technology allows people to complete many tasks without having contact with others, but the limitation of human contact is having negative effects on people's lives today because, people are getting addicted to it, people are getting lazy, and people are committing more crimes. Technology allows people to complete many tasks without having contact with others, but the limitation of human is having negative effects on people's lives today. First, Technology allows people to complete many tasks without having contact with others, but the limitation of human is having negative effects on people's lives today, because people are getting addicted to it. People get into more car accident because of their phones. People are having eye problems. People don't focused on what's going on in the real world instead they focus on fashions and games. Technology allows people to complete many tasks without having contact with others, but the limitation of human contact is having negative effects on people's lives today. Second, Technology allows people to complete many tasks without having contact with others, but the limitation of human contact is having negative effects on people's lives today because people are getting lazy. People are getting fat because they don't want to do nothing. People eat a lot and relay on technology to do everythingTechnology allows people to complete many tasks without having contacts with others but the limitation of humans contact is having negative effect on peoples lives today. Third, Technology allows people to complete many tasks without having contacts with others, but the limitation of human contact is having negative effect on peoples lives today because people are committing more crimes. People are bullying each other. Teenagers are killing themselves because of cyberbullying. People are using technology to spread false information of others. People are communication with the wrong people. Because people are getting addicted to it, people are getting lazy, and people are committing more crimes. The limitation of human contact is having negative effects on people lives today. Technology is becoming more danger to human, therefore, if we don't stop it now no one will. If you agree with me in this, please join our organizations of "How to use technology the better way".