Restate.What's one place in the world you would like to list? Why would you want to visit that place and what would you like to list when you first arrive.3 claims. Generic_City because of the Eiffel Tower. Generic_City because of the zoo. Florida because of Universal Studios paragraph 1: First thing when I go to Generic_City is to see the Eiffel Tower. Becauae l want to see how really tall is the Eiffel Tower in person, the building helps people because it has a lot of lights, you can see the view up in the sky, you can go with your family for a list to Generic_CityExampleThe Eiffel tower is really tall. Transention:After Generic_City i list I will like to go to Generic_City because I want to meet actors and singers so I can get autographs from them and see them live singingPargraph 2: First thing I want to see when I go to Generic_City is to see actors, singer and see them live. I want to go to Generic_City because you can meet the best actors, and you're a favorite singer you can ask like how did you make it so high how did you become one of the best just ask for some tips, and they can help you achieve your goal and try your best. ExampleYou can see a lot of actors and singers and list other places. Transention: After i list Generic_City I can go Ohio and go to an amusement park and ride the faster roller coaster. Pargraph 3: first place when i list Ohio is an amusement park called cedar-point has the fastest roller foster on earth and I want to ride the fastest roller coaster on earth and try it for my self. I want to go to Ohio because Generic_City has the fastest roller coaster on each and I want to go on it how fast does it really go and I want to ask the people who made it what matériels did they use in order to launch the roller coaster so fast. Example: The roller-coast is a car that launches really fast. Conclusion:I want to go to Generic_City because of the Eiffel Tower that is the first thing I want see when I go to Generic_City. When I go to Generic_City I want to see is actors and singers live that's the second I want to see. The last thing I want go to be Ohio because they have the fastest roller coaster on earth and its at Generic_City and u want to see how they made it.