Some say technology is just an extension cord of our bodies. For example a cell phone, you take it where ever you go and use it. We use technology every day, but technology can cause less contact with people and a distraction. Although some say technology has a positive effect on lives, actually it has negative effect on lives. Despite the fact that technology gives negative effects it actually gives positive effects as well. We use technology everyday it is a part of our life. Technology helps us in many ways for example our jobs, many of our jobs involve technology and the use of it helps us get our job done successfully and easier. We use technology to communicate for example a cell phone is used to communicate with other people this helps us know where people are if needed or just to see how they are doing. We use technology in school for example computers, cell phones, these devices help students on their everyday assignments it helps them use the internet when needed, and it helps teacher with their teaching as well. Technology causes a distraction. For example cell phones are used every day in schools cell phones distract students from their learning and their peers around them also. While using these mobile devices when not asked to students grades go down, and they don't show interest in school anymore. These cell phones are not only a distraction they are an addiction to people. Another example driving while using your cell phone, this can cause a distraction and that can lead to a car crash. Some people are texting while driving or playing music and even the GPS is a distraction because you are looking down at the GPS instead of keeping your eyes on the road. This shows us distraction can make you loose focus or not pay attention your surroundings. Cell phones can cause less contact with other people. When using your cell phone you don't look up while walking you just keep your head down this is usually the case with teenagers and kids. Teenagers don't interact with parents, peers and family members any more because of these mobile devices. These devices can cause people to not have interaction skills for example people don't know how to approach someone if talked to. This show us that with this technology we are loosing our social skill we don't even know how to say hi to someone any more it is very sad what technology is doing to us, it is stripping us away from the world. Despite the fact that some say technology has a positive effects it actually has a negative effect. Technology is part of the human life we can't take it way anymore. Technology can a distrait people and can lose interaction with people. Technology is not bad, but it is the way we use it that makes it bad and addicting. If we only used technology when we had to the world would be a better place. 