I understand why you want to add an hour and thirty minutes to school for kids to get more time to learn. But think about the children may think it's a bad idea and I agree with them as well. Why? You may ask, well let's think about it kids don't want to be at school for a very much more time in what they are already in for. Many students go to after school activities at certain times and get out later others don't but do some outside of school activities like sports, helping the community, getting chores done, {etc.}. You may seem like those aren't important but for the students do think its important and also school, but the homework time they have left to do at home my not be a good idea on the different after school programs they may be in at different times when it starts and when it ends times go fast and may not be time to go over homework or study for a test the next day. Education is good for the kids but getting low grades may not help them in the future and for the family. Many students won't have anytime to be spending with their family together anymore with those times being spent on school and sports and other activities. Families may think it's a bad idea to add more hours to school and to take away time after school to get things done and to have time to enjoy with families at outside places at a restaurant or to go out for walks before bed times and the next day. While other parents my think if there going to add more time to school then students should arrive to school at least 20 minutes later for kids to have more time to sleep for a long school day, so they wouldn't be sleepy in the mornings. As may, I think that over the week ends families like to go to far places and if students end up having projects and homework to do could affect the time with family and school and that wouldn't be so good for the students. Think about it kids not doing well in homework and test for not studying for not have any time after school for the extra hour and thirty minutes they are going to get that won't be good for the school county and fewer students would start coming to their schools and rather transfer to a better school with fewer hours or just consider home school and your school would have kids leaving and won't be able to have students to teach anymore. Witches end up shutting your schools programs and closing the school and there wouldn't be any jobs for teachers or you to find quickly enough to pay bills and rent witch wouldn't be so good for the employees.