One topic that is frequently debated today is if schools should be allowed to control students involvement in extracurricular activities. They think that sometimes students take too many extracurricular activities to the point that they do not have enough time to do their school work. They feel that extracurricular activities don't help students manage their time wisely. I believe the decision regarding extracurricular activities should be left to the students because it helps students learn how to manage their time, make new friends, and it helps students make colleges be interested in them. Firstly extracurricular activities helps students learn how to manage their time. It helps students learn how to manage their time by making them make a schedule. By making a schedule students learn how hard it is to an adult. Students make responsible actions and learn how much work they have to put in for them to be good in school. Extracurricular activities don't always take students time but prepares them for lifeSecondly extracurricular activities helps students learn how to make new friends. Extracurricular activities help students how to communicate and make new friends while making good memories. Students shouldn't always be focused on school I believe that students should also have fun and friends. Friends will make school and other school related activities enjoyable for kids and teenagers. Lastly extracurricular activities helps students make colleges be interested in them. Colleges get interested in you when they see all the things you've done although high school. If colleges see that you've a lot through thigh school they would be even more interested in you. Colleges also check your grades and other stuff but the thing they check the most is extracurricular activities because they want to see if you were consistent. As you have read I believe the decision regarding extracurricular activities should be left to the students because it helps students learn how to manage their time, make new friends, and it helps students make colleges be interested in them. Only when we let our students choice they would responsible and wise. When that day comes our students will be great and mature.