All around the world involves people learning something new. We learn about different creatures, peoples, and objects. An Individual that is willing to learn more each and every day will succeed in life. Some people believe that Emerson statement "unless someone tries to do something beyond what they've already mastered will grow", but I disagree. I believe people who try to do something beyond what they've already mastered, they will never grow because due to lack of experience, and not enough knowledge. To begin with, every individual want to become something in life. There's literally a certain career that every individual is discovering for. People who want to learn, participate in certain activities or classes would most likely get the dream career as they wish. Putting the effort is the answer to everyone problems. For instance, my friend Generic_Name she's a server at a restaurant. She is nineteen years old. Generic_Name has been working there since she was 17 years old already. Therefore, Generic_Name knows all the meals that are served, places that need to be restocked etc. Unfortunately, she's getting tired of the job. For some reason, she doesn't want to try something new. Having only one job experience is barely enough for the person to know about different experiences from other jobs. I strongly believe, as if Generic_Name does not put effort into applying for a new job. She will never grow out of her self-esteem or confidence into getting a new job. Clearly, getting involved into different jobs will even give you different alternatives. Pursuing this further, knowledge is very important when it comes to trying something new. Individuals need to know at least some knowledge when trying to reach further into their Carrefour example, my eighth grade teacher Generic_Name would sometimes sit with me at lunch. We would discuss anything. One day, I brought up about going into high school. Since my middle schools years were coming to an end. I asked her if there were any advice for my upcoming freshman year. She told me high school it will get harder. Also, I needed to become more serious about my education. Mostly likely I will have to pass all exams, sols, and keep my GPA high. These are the years I will0 start thinking about what I want to do with my career. She gave me advice to guide me through to become better. I strongly oppose, knowing more knowledge about something will make yourself grow. Obviously, if an individual is trying to do something beyond then what they've already mastered, they will never grow. Just by having lack of experience will lead the individual feeling in their comfort zone. Also, the lack of knowledge will leave the person clueless. Some people may argue that unless the person try to do something beyond what they have mastered, they will grow. How can someone grow from repeating on doing what they do on a normal basis? How can they learn something new with such little knowledge? For example, my dad came to the United States when he was 14 years old. He knew little English. Also, he knew how to write some words, but that was all that he knew. He put his full time effort to learn a new language. Each step he took he accomplished. He himself grew out of the stage of not knowing something. He went beyond into what he really wanted. Finally, everyone needs experience and knowledge in order to grow. Imagine doing a science project on an unknown animal. Surprisingly this creature changes colors, sizes, and shape. Wouldn't you want to invest in the creature more? Learn how the creature lives? Or you would just want to know the basic facts of it? 