Have your ever ask yourself what makes a person's character?. Some People think that a person's character is defined by their actions and by what their selves choose to. While others think that character is form by influences beyond control. I agree that as individuals our character is influenced beyond our control because of, internet influence, fit in society, and by actions. One reason why character is influence beyond control is because people get influenced by internet platforms. Internet platforms in influence in many ways some could be good, while others not quit so. Character is influence by social medias posts, YouTube videos and variables of things. This kind of things interfere with a person characteristic people might want to follow and do what they see on internet. A person might not even be awarded that they are being influence by internet. Second claim why a person's character is influence beyond control is because they get influence by society. People might feel that to fin in society they have to have the same characteristics and act the same as others to be accepted and tolerated by society. People who are pressure by others would act and do things that they know are no specifically good. For example, you are a very respectful and kind person but they turn into a not so kind person there has to be something making you changed the way you are and that could be other people, changing your character. Lastly people's characteristics are influence beyond control because of the actions they take in life. People's actions influenced the way they are and act. By taking good actions your character will be defined in a positive and understandable way. Good actions will be the key into having authentic and unique character. In conclusion there are many factors that influence that a person's character. People some often get their way of acting and doing thinks from internet platforms which could be something bad it's not taken with careful. Today’s society can have a big impact in everyone's lives, we are living in a time where people would do whatever takes to fit in and feel like think they are part of society, but sometimes being around people is not mentally healthy. Actions are a big part a person’s characteristics because your character will depend on actions.