As a child, I always loved to go to the park. It was my favorite thing to do because I loved playing games with my sisters, and sometimes we'd even make up our own game to play. However, things have changed in the past few years, and now I barely ever go to the park. The park isn't the same fun and cool place that it used to be anymore, but why?, Why did it change so quickly?. There are so many reasons to why the park hasn't been visited as much as before, but, yet again only one reason explains why most people barely ever go to the park. The reason for why people never to go the park now is because they don't know what to do at the park anymore. People think that the park is a boring and useless place, but the park have many purposes. People now spend more time on their couch and on their phone, and it's very unhealthy and concerning especially when it comes to health issues in the future. The park is a fun and entertaining place to be because there are millions of activities that you could do at the park that are very enjoyable. I'm going to list a wide variety of fun and entertaining activities. First off, you could always go the park with friends and/or family members. It's always great to be around the people you enjoy the most, especially in a beautiful environment like the park, where everyone could enjoy themselves. Second, you could always head to the park for some quick exercise. You could run, jog, do yoga and much more when you're at the park. It's always a good idea to clear your mind and go for a run at the park when it's beautiful outside. It's always important to make sure your health is in good condition, and you can make sure that happens by taking a walk at the park. The third activity is, play some fun games at the park!. When you're at the park you could always play some fun games that get you pumped up and happy. With the nice, fresh, open space that is available, the possibilities are endless!. You could make up your own fun games with your friends or family members. Now my fourth fun activity is, throwing a fun party!. It could be a birthday, graduation or even a going-away party, The occasion doesn't matter at all!. Having a nice party at the park is one of the funnest things!. You could do a barbecue and play with your friends and/or family members. Celebrating outdoors is a great way to have a blast. My fifth activity is, help clean the park. This activity might sound really boring but helping our your community is 100% worth all of your time. When helping out your community you're not only helping those around you, but you're helping yourself, the environment and the animals. Many animals live in parks, for example. A squirrel, birds, worms and even small insects. So next time you go to the park, or are planning to go, make sure you at least pick up one piece of trash, because that small piece of trash could save the animals and the environment. Now my last but certainly not the least reason is, grab a book and head to the park and read. This might seem like boring stacked on top of boring but doing this helps you clam down and relax a lot. When you're in a beautiful and peaceful environment, how could you be mad?. Why should you try one of these activities?. These activities aren't only fun, but they do help you in the long run. Hanging out with your friends and family members help you appreciate the people in your lives but also the environment that it's giving access to being able to be around people. Taking a nice run at the park helps you by being healthy and improving your well-being. Exercising doesn't have to mean running and jogging, it could be yoga too. Making up your own games help you build up your mind especially when you have access to so much space, you can pretty much create a fun and entertaining game. Reading a book is one of the most important things that you have to do in order to build up a stronger brain and doing to it in a peaceful, quite and beautiful environment makes the experience 100x more pleasing. You don't have to choose one of my ideas, you can choose and make up your own activities!. So next time you go to your local park, make sure you contribute and acknowledge the beauty of your community and make sure it's being properly taken care of.