This is a good idea, and the educators should be agreed with this. Summer Break should be longer. We fell the summer is not enough time for us to enjoy the vacations. We need more weeks to rest and enjoy the beach and many things. I agree with this people who think that the summer should be four weeks of break, and a long winter break. Because during the vacation, we go to the beach, work, play with friends and family, visit friends or family that live far away or in other state, and sleep more. I think idea is great. Because during the period of the school we do not have time to go out. We only do homework, projects and many others things, and that is the reason that I like this idea because is the best way to enjoy the summer and have more time to rest. Winter should be longer because during this season is very cold and dangerous, I think winter break should be longer. Because Winter is a beautiful season of the year, but it is also a problem because during this period of the year, if people who drive do not take precaution they would have serious problems, and I think the school should be closed during this period, because the buses can slide on the ice, and can cause a big accident, and this is a risk, because many people can die. The educators should know this and think about. Because this is seriously, we have to be more careful during winter, many students come to school, buses drive over the snow, and this is a risk, I think this is a great idea why winter should be longer, and more weeks of vacation, this day's of snow should be makeup on the spring. I think this is the reason why people think the Winter Break should be longer because they know what can happen. They know the dangerous the snow it is, we all know that is beautiful, but can be very painful. This should be note by the educators and think the days or weeks break that they want to give to the students. In conclusion the educators should be agreed with this idea, and think that we more weeks to rest and enjoy the summer. During winter take precautions because can be really dangerous, and we would have more time to do many things at home or might be work, and have more time with the family. This is how the school should be because it is hard to be here every day, and it is so boring sometimes. This is what I think that how the school should be, but every head is a different world, and that make think the people in different ways to do things.