It is often said that you can not make a child, teenager, or adult do what they do not want to do. Imagine starting a new school year; students are ready to learn, to take classes they will really enjoy, and to see their friends. It comes time to pick up their schedule, and they see that there are some classes that they really would not like to take, but those classes are required for them to take. A student starts stressing because there is no way they can change their schedule since those classes are required. I believe students should not be required to take a music class, art class, or drama class because it would not only affect them, but it would also affect their grades and their future, students would skip the class; making their attendance bad, and students might show up to the class, but they would not put in the effort they need in order to receive the credit. In many cases, students who do not like the classes they are taking will not do the work in order to get a good grade. Having good grades is what makes your GPA great. We all know that having good grades and keeping a good GPA is very important when it comes to college and universities. Students will need to attend a college or a university in order to get a good paying job. By requiring students to take these classes, you are forcing them to learn something they do not need in the future or that will not fall in their career field. For example, a student might want to work at a fast food restaurant in the future but in high school these students was required to take a class that has nothing to do with it. How would taking a music class help this student achieve their goal of working at a fast food restaurant? Many people may argue that taking an art class should be required because it opens the mind on being creative, but again what does an art class have to do with what a student wants to be in the future? Unless that students wants to be an artist of course. Secondly, if you force a student to take a class they do not want to take, they would just skip the class or just won't show up that whole school day. Having good attendance is also very important to have because if students do not have good attendance they get put on an attendance chart. An attendance chart is a chart where students have to sign in at the time they got to a class and sign out at the time they left that class. If a student keeps skipping the class they do not like, their grades get worse because they are not receiving the work they need to due to skipping class and their attendance keeps worsening which will only get them into bigger trouble. For instance, where I live if a student does not show up to school for more than fifteen days they get put into a juvenile detention center. Requiring such classes that should be electives will not motive a student to come to school because they are really not learning anything important from those classes. Lastly, every high school student knows that they need a certain amount of credits in order to graduate. In order to receive those credits a students grades, GPA, and attendance must be excellent. Requiring such classes that should be electives will not motivate a student to get good grades, good GPA, or good attendance. If anything making these classes required will only make these students less motivated into coming to school and earning those high school credits. In conclusion, forcing or requiring students to take these classes that should be electives would affect them mentally. It would affect them mentally because they might not be as good as the other people in that class. Students should not be required to take such classes like art, music, or drama; those classes should stay as electives. Helping every student learn new material, graduate, and get them into college should be our main focus instead of making them take classes they do not need to. 