I think the best way is to work as a group. You might ask why. Is the best way students get to learn, For example; I'm the type of student that like to hear about peoples opinion. By listening to other people opinion give the other student an idea on how the project or the assignment should be done. When student get the chance to express they idea they feel confident no fear to express themselves. Many students like to work BBY themselves, therefore no other student interrupt the by asking many questions. Most of them already have a topic to talk about they already have a plan. For Example student that work alone they're mostly working at their own pace, working alone give then the chance of finishing on time. Working as a group give the student the chance of dividing the work in different sections, For example; this student would do this part, the other student would design the project, the other student would do the research. Dividing the project in different part let the student look or choose the part the thing is easy to do OT they know how to do it already. Student get to meet new people, by doing a project like a group student sometime don't get to choose who they work with, The professor might give the students a group of people they never meet before. Working as a group with new people let you find a new way to work or write. For example, you meet this new student who make a T chart and write the good about this topic and the negative side about the topic next to it. After looking at it, he decides what side he should talk about. You get things done a lot faster by doing in groups as I said before working with a group let the work get done a lot faster, it's give the people the chance of focusing and the part they have to get done. If you finish your part of the project or assignment, you can volunteer to help other teammate. For example someone that works by themselves might need more time, because she's working by her self, and you get the chance to volunteer to help her out on something, she might found difficult to do. In my conclusion, working like a group it teaches the students to listen to other peoples thoughts and, it's the best way students work as one. But other people would say that working alone is the best choice, because it teaches the student how to make decision on their own and how they should write their own paper with anybody helping them out. 