People is always trying to make you be someone else or follow new tendencies, especially in this time everyone is trying to have the same haircut, color hair, or body. A lot of people is afraid to be themselves which is mean show to the world who they really are. For these and many reasons is why I am agree with Emerson's statement because if you obtain to be yourself you are going to be unique, you are going to follow your dreams, and you are going to be confident. Everyone is trying to do the same things that someone's else does, but imagine being unique you would be different from other people you would play or practice any sports that you want. You can get your own style use or create your own clothes, and start to use your imagination. You do not have to be worry about follow any fashion because you would have your own sunshine. Dreams? I am pretty sure that you have dreams like I do, but my dreams might be different from yours, probably you want to be a doctor and I want to be a singer. However, if you get to find yourself you are followed your owns dreams you will be more happy that anyone else doing the things that you love. You are going to enjoy your life every single day, every moment, and everywhere. You always are going to get the positive side of the things even in your bad days because you are going to love what you have and what you do. In this time be confident is something really hard for many people but if you are a confident person you will not care about what people say, which is mean you are not gonna care about they opinions because you will be focused on your goals. You will believe in yourself, in your decisions do not matter what will happen. You will be an example for many people who do not felling in the same way that you do and you might inspire them to follow their dreams. In conclusion be yourself does not matter what people say or what they want for you, live your own life because life is only one. Get your own goals, and do not try to be like someone else, do not follow their style because if you do not be yourself, you are never ever going to be happy with your life, and you will not get all the things that you want in your future. Get your own sunshine just try it, it is inside you, and it is waiting for you, Love and be yourself.  