Nowadays, we live in a world where everything has to be perfect if you want to fit into this society, therefore humans have made up an stereotype of how people are supposed to dress, look, act and live. We all have the right to do whatever we want and be whoever we are unless you want to hurt someone. We are free to do what is better for ourselves without being judged, so why do we let society control us?. People should not be afraid to be who they are and show the world what they are made of. All humans are different, we all come with different shapes, sizes, personalities, skills and that is what makes us beautiful, the power of being ourselves. Experiences make you grow and morph you into a better person, life makes you realize how bold and smart humans are, in addition to this we all have been raised differently so trying to follow an stereotype is like letting go the opportunity you have been given by life to find out what you are made of, to find out your power, your way of doing things and solving problems, and last but not least you are letting go the opportunity to make up your own thoughts just because you are giving people the chance to control your mind and the way you think. I totally agree with this statement, to be yourself in an environment that is constantly trying to make you something else is one of the best decisions you could make, perhaps just by being yourself you could teach someone else how to improve its personality, or maybe you could show them how to act when it comes to solve an issue, there's is multiple opportunities we miss just by trying to be someone else. All humans have a superpower within their selves that they could share with everyone, therefore, trying to fit in, follow an stereotype and trying to act the same way the others do is equal to not take advantage of our power wisely. We are afraid of showing who we are because, to us is more important what they would say and think about it. We care more about their reaction towards us and what we do not realize is that maybe they would like more who we actually are than the person that we are trying to be. Once humans face the truth and notice how valuable and special we are, that will mean that we have gotten the greatest accomplishment in life, which is being ourselves no matter what the others say or ask us to do.