I agree with Winston Churchill because we don't have to give up. There are many ways to continue even if you failure. Even though, people have to be awareness for what they're doing. They have to confront the problem without losing they enthusiasm. In other example, confront your failure make you more strong and think about what is good and what is bad. When you confront your failure you have to be conscious for what you're doing. For example, you can't repent because you do what you do for a reason. In other word, people don't have to give up they have to fight and have always the enthusiasm to be what are they being. Although, when you failure make you think more straight and clearly. That teach you to be a strong and continue struggle with your life. In fact, I always have my enthusiasm up even if I failure because that make me more comfortable to who I am and don't be scared to confront my problem. There are many people that scare loss they enthusiasm just because they failure. Failure don't make a a bad person, It makes you to understand that in the life have down and up emotion. However, we choose "what we want to be, and we do what we want to do"Therefore, Winston Churchill want to people be happy. He wants to people understand that they don't have to lose they enthusiasm don't matter what. On the other hand, I agree with him because if you have the enthusiasm you can handle your problem and be able to solved it. In my opinion, Winston Churchill have throughout for many things, and he wants to other people be strongly and never give up like him. People have to consider that not always will be easy to don't have any problem or other thing that make you to do thing that you don't want to do, but you always have to be with the enthusiasm to confidence. Despite, it is hard to always have the enthusiasm to confront your failure, but you have to be strong and continue for what you have been done. In life, you learn a lot include your problem, your failure. Even though, you never have to give up because you will have a future that you want to know and live with your family, have good time. The enthusiasm help you to reflect your ideas and make you to do the things that you scare to do. Make the success strong with you enthusiasm. In conclusion, never loss your enthusiasm because that help you to be strong. Confront your failure with all your enthusiasm you have to demonstrated that you are stronger than your problems. There are many ways to be success with your own personality you can focus on what you propose, being strongly and confront your failure. Finally, "success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm". Don't be scared to confront it. 