In China, we don't have the thing that Ralph Waldo Emerson. I know Ralph Waldo Emerson think he is grown up because he is beyond he has already mastered. In my opinion people are different, so not everyone can grow up from beyond the things his already mastered. If they beyond the game that they already have played the best, they are not grown up. And there are three reasons I disagree about what Ralph Waldo Emerson wrote looking for new things and learn it make people grow, some small vital can make people grow up, and other vital matter can make people grow up. I disagree with Ralph Waldo Emerson wrote. People can look for new things and learn the things to grow up. The new things are not for human control. Students learn new things make their knowledge be more, they can grow up in this way. This is an example of my mom. When she first time can to America, she didn't know any English. She is learned English for three years, now she can talk a little English to others. Nobody can say she is not grown up, she learns a new Lagrange she never knows before. In my mom story I know not the things you have already mastered in past make you grow up, the new things can make you grow up, too. People can have many small things that they don't care make they grow up. In a science experiment if you get a small mistake, the all experiment will be destruction by that little mistake. People who learn science, if they make that small mistake they will get their master abusive, nobody knows if the experiment will make people change. I think this is a big thing will make people who learn the science grow up. They can control it is happened or not. In this example I learn the little things happen let they know the mall will become the big thing than it will bother you life. People can have many things in their life can make they grow up. When you go to the society, you will find it is so different between school and society. When you go to the work, you can feel effort is not the only choice, it is many ways can get you go to the high lever. If you know this one, now you really become an adult. When you have a wedding with a girl. That will be you best time, you grow up again. Then, if you have a baby, you will get what is the really mean about responsibility. Responsibility make you get a word called grow up. Many things make people grow up the work, wife, kids, and other things make people really grow up. Ralph Waldo Emerson wrote, "Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow." It may work for Ralph Waldo Emerson or other people, but I disagree what he says. People are different, they have many way to make they grow up, not the only way like Ralph Waldo Emerson wrote. People can study new things to make their knowledge be more. They can learn the things from the small mistake that they made. They can grow up from society. In China, it has so many reasons make you grow up.