Technology, 21st centuries the finest product. Nearly everyone loves technology, is it really that beautiful? When I was a kid people used to say "technology will end our social life." I didn't believe that then, but now I see what they were trying to say. Primarily technology's goal is to make certain tasks easier, not to make us anti-social or make us obese. In my opinion technology has a great potential, and we are not using it to the full potential, we are supposed to use it to make simple task easier, but people are spoiling this potential by instead of making our own food we now order it from a restaurant which is ten times unhealthier. Another thing that is a huge problem is people building their life around technology, if they lose that technology they think they'll die. Everyone uses social apps on their phone, and that's a huge issue because that is one of the main reasons of people choosing social media over having conversations face to face. Secondly, technology has its pros as it has its cons. One of the main advantages of technology is minimizing the waste of time in simple daily life tasks. For example, before technology people used to communicate with mails which took a long time to arrive at the designated place, however currently you can shorten that whole process to only a minute or two. Also, with technology we can make waste free houses, cars, planes, and many other things by making them operate with electricity rather than fossil fuels which harms our planet. We can harvest electrical energy by solar panels, wind turbines, hydroelectric turbines. Another great thing about harvesting electrical energy is that they are infinite unless a disaster happens and suddenly all our water vaporizes or the sun gets blocked, or the wind stops blowing. Until disasters like those happens we are good to go with waste free energy. Third of all I think that technology is a great invention for the humankind. Although it has multiple harmful effects for people, the way to cure those are as easy. If we stop building our life around social media or technology, and keep technology as just a secondary communication device. Technology has come a far way from where it started. Once it was used just to power a light bulb, now It's used to power our cars, houses, phones, cities, everything you see that is human built has some sort of technology in it.Finally, all these great inventions, all of these dazzling things took our attention and isolated us from the others. I think that technology is a brilliant invention, but also it is a very harmful one for our social life. Human is a social creature by its nature, if something blocks the socializing part of being human it will end badly. If someone tries to change a creature's nature it will try to avoid it, for thousands of years it has evolved to its current state, and now we are trying to change it... All I'm trying to point out is technology is a beneficial element of our life but social-life is not one of them.  