During the World War II, most of the people were influenced by the behavior of the people. For instance, a lot of people choose to follow the anti-Semitic politics of Hitler and the Nazis because they were afraid of the death because the Nazis convinced them to follow them. Indeed, by setting a good example you success to convince them because you use both of the major things to influence, the feelings and the acts. You try to reach his heart by the sensitivity and by the concrete you show him that it is easy to do it. In this way, when you are setting a good example you are using the feelings of the people in order to show them the better behavior to adopt. The fear, the happiness, the solemnity can influence a choice of a person and that is why it is the better way to persuade. Through the fashion, the advertisements, the politics the sensitivity is always utilized to change the mind of someone. The behavior is the only thing that can help someone to change their opinion because through if you can transmit all of your feelings to your speaker. Furthermore, people can be persuaded by acts more easily than by words. So, by setting a good example, you can also influence people by showing them the better way to do something. Although people disagree with philosopher, physician, and humanitarian like Albert Schweitzer and affirm that there are better ways to convince someone, people should consider that to set a good example is the better way to persuade somebody. Firstly, the behavior is using the feelings to convince people. Indeed, whatever things you do to influence someone you use their feelings. And this is the best way because the feelings are something that stay in your mind and touch you directly and can let you do things even bad. The first example is in politics. A politician who takes a solemn tone and does a serious, and sad speech will influence your opinion and by modifying your state of mind he will transmit these feelings to show you what he wants you to think. Martin Luther King said: "I have a dream" so immediately you know that this dream is something anchored in his heart and he will give you all of his arguments to persuade you. Then, the second example is advertisement. As well as the fashion than the TV shows, each publicity lets you feel so be it fear, so be it happiness. They carry away people with them in their opinion and by choosing beautiful musics or pictures they help the spectator to feel the good vibes that the actors or advertising want to give you. Secondly, by setting a good example you can convince people to do acts. The first reason is people of our generations need to see to trust someone. And this is the reason why you need to show the example to someone to help him to trust you and give him the directions to follow. It was always easier to speak instead of to act, but people want to see to know this is the better choice. For example, when you are doing shopping most of the girls prefer doing it in the shop instead of in line because women want to see their clothes to try them and be convinced this dress or this shirt is the better. The other reason is that you always want to have a concrete thing. So when you show the example you demonstrate that what you do is possible and affordable to you all, and you encourage them to do it with you and this is what influence others. You give a proof of concrete and the speaker only need a bit of will. For example during a humanitarian mission, if you are the leader of this one you need to show them the example not only with your behavior but also in what you must accomplish. If you are here to rebuild a public building you will do it with the volunteers to help them and lead the group. To conclude, the example is the best way to influence people for two reasons. The first one is obviously the aspect of the feelings. The transmission of a posture or opinion can help you to do a choice. The second one is the aspect of the concrete part. You give the example of what to do, and the others can do it easily. Finally, there is no better way to convince people as Albert Schweitzer said. Because there is only one way which combines feelings and action, and it is the good example by your own behavior.  