My prompt is about how everyone has a skill or talent and I have to identify a talent or skill that I have and explain how I develop and use it. Well I'm an Athletic girl. I play different sports during some seasons, for example when soccer season has ended. Another sport I'm kinda good at is basketball. I play sports in school and outside of school. A few other things I can do is sing and dance. I'm going to start with soccer. So I started playing soccer in 2018. I don't really remember my age, but I do remember the year. When I started playing soccer was when I lived in Generic_City. I played there for to seasons. I played in the spring and fall seasons. When I played in the spring it was the best thing ever like I'm telling you I literally fell in love with soccer at that time. My team was a good team we were called the sharks. I was number 14, and I was happy because that's the number that both of my cousins jersey numbers are. Anyway, we won a few games and lost a few ones, but we always played good, we gave our best, and we gave it all. After, spring season ended I played on fall. I'm going to say that fall season was okay it wasn't as good as spring season, but I still enjoyed it. My jersey number changed in that season, so then I was number 16. I haven't played since 2019 ended, but I will start playing again pretty soon, and I'm really happy and excited. Now I'm going to talk about my basketball season. Last year in 7th grade I was in Generic_School, and they put up the girls' basketball season was coming. I was interested in it, so I decided to sign up and try-out for the team. I can't lie try-outs were rough but at the end of the day I gave my best, and it was fun. A few weeks later they put up the paper of the people who made it and I saw my name, and I was so happy. Anyway, that season ended, then school ended, and I moved to Generic_City. School started a few months later girls' basketball season started. I was happy so I sign up. I went to try-outs for the whole week. At the end of Friday which was the last day of try-outs the coach Generic_Name told the girls who made the team and who didn't and guess who made the team ME!!!!. I was so happy my friends and I celebrated on the way out. The whole season was great, I made so many fun memories with the girls, and I was just so happy. My third skill is dancing. I love to dance every day. Like I'm always dancing in the car, shower, kitchen, my room, just everywhere. I love it and I enjoy it very much. It's something that could never leave me. I'm going to start taking dancing classes, so I'm very excited for that. One app that I always use to dance is Dub smash it has different song that I can dance to. I'm always dancing to a song in the car when a song comes up, and it has beats I just be going crazy. Finally, the last thing I love to do is sing. Singing for me is just very enjoyable and calming. I sometimes get on my feelings and cry, but it's just because they are perfect songs and I cry because I'm happy or sad. I love to sing the songs of Sydney R. But my top favorite songs to sing are All of Me, Into you, Love don't Change, and How you gonna. And yeah these are all the stuff that I do as a skill or talent. 