I agree that we should have positive attitude in life to be success in life. Showing positive attitude to human beings and animals by not harming others and the nature. Staying and spending time with positive attitude people is also a key to a successful life. It's also important to show positive attitude it will help us to become better and successful in life. Show positive attitude you will get the same positive attitude back. If we show positive attitude to human beings and animals, by treating people with good makers and helping them out with any kind of work in life that is for a good because we will get the same positive attitude back from that human who we were helping out. The same goes for the animals treat them well they will be safe in return that animal might protect you from harm. Having a positive attitude people will not judge you for being wrong or innocent because of the positive attitude you have. Is positive attitude important? Yes, because if you want to be successful in life you need to have and show positive attitude with that you also have to show respect and responsibility. For example going for a job interview showing positive attitude might get you a job. Many people love positive people because of their way they talk to other people, how they act, and the important things that the person might have done. Staying with positive people and hanging out with positive people are also an important, because that's one place you learn positive attitude and it's a key to be successful in life. Positive attitude is a key to a good life, positive attitude people don't show attitude over small things or fuss about something that is not important. They let things go by easy and don't care about the small things that won't affect them. Even if we have positive attitude we should not treat ourselves by saying we a king or a role model, instead we should help others into having a successful life by helping them out with positive attitude and showing what is good for them. Finally, but not last I agree to be success in life you need to have positive attitude. Positive attitude is the key to success in life. Showing the way you care for others and animals, making positive thoughts and thinking. Positive attitude people stay in their circle which is a good thing helps them be focus in life and have success in life. Show positive attitude to others you will get the same attitude back. So spread positive attitude and making this world a better place to be successful in life.