Students should not be allowed to use their cellphone during class time only if it is necessary or with the teacher permission. One of the most important reason why you should not be allowed to use your phone during class is because the cellphone really distract you, it may be because you're playing, text ting or listening music. Cellphone can be a big distraction for the student for to many reasons, sometimes students do not really think like that, but on my opinion it is a big distraction, using the cellphone during class can make you miss important parts from the class that you may need for a future test that maybe one of the answer can be that small part that you didn't hear because you were on your phone, but the teacher is not the responsible from your actions, you take your own decisions, and you choose the decision to look at your phone than pay attention at class. In other parts teachers should make that their rules for the classroom has appraisal, and make the students respect them, or if the teacher can't do that at least the school can make that rule.Sometimes you're just pretending that you are paying attention, but you're not really paying attention for the reason that you may be at your phone or answering a text, I am saying this because it happened to me and I do the same, I know some students has the same situation and others that can't live without their cellphone. It can be addictive. sometimes I think it can because the age, we are just young persons and some persons think different they really come to study, but others just come because they have to. The effects of being using the cellphone at class are that you not really pay attention at class, and you fail the class. Cellphones are not necessary at class, and it's not educational or helpful for you to remained or learn things. On my person I fail classes because the same situation, I fail classes and if I fail classes I'll fail the school year and then won't would like to repeat other school year. That going to make me think about that and I don't would like to come to school because I feel like I lose my time coming to school to repeat it every single day. I think cellphone make you stupid and act like a dumb because when you're on your phone, you are like in other world, you don't pay attention on what is happening around you. You are loosing time from your lifetime that you can use study or do others necessary and important things for your life. I see students that they just DGF and they on their phone during class, I'm one of them, lol. On my opinion, cellphone can be necessary sometimes, but i don't really need it during class because I come to study, take notes and do my best in class for having good grades, I will say that cellphone can be use only during test, classwork because I am that kind of person that likes to be listening relax songs and doing my job. In other way schools gives you a laptop and I think the only thing where you can do all of those things is the computer, I can use Google or YouTube, it's not necessary to have your phone on your hands. How can we solve this issue? Teachers should collect all cellphones before start class, and make a rule that something going to happen if he/she see someone with their phone, so students may have to respect this rule. All this conversation I think the problem is not cellphone, I think the problem is technology because humans are depending from technology and it makes them fool, today's technology can be more smart than a person. If you really read to this side you should understand how is life now, you may be older and smarter than I am, but we both lived different generations, it is all my decisions, we have to control technology not technology has to control us. Legalize ;)