Technology is something many people use in their daily lives, I believe technology has definitely made an impact on people over time. Phones, cell phones, laptops, TV's have all been upgraded during the past couple of years, technology can effect us in both negative and positive ways but i believe that there are more negatives than positive's. One reason I believe technology has more of a negative impact is because it causes a lack of communication with friends and with family, I myself have witnessed and experienced this. Another reason in why it would be negative is the children using technology. Children can become more obsessed with electronics than most teenagers and adults, I have a little brother that received an iPad as a gift from my parents the he was only three years old, only because he wouldn't let my mother use her cell phone in peace, getting that iPad might have been the biggest mistake that's my parents could have made. My little brother (when he received the iPad) stopped playing with his toys, stopped watching his favorite show which was SpongeBob, stopped eating as much and also stopped listening to direction and became rebellious. Every time one of the members in my family would try to talk to him, it would be like he was zoned out; he just would not listen. Another negative impact this was would be that my little brother would yell when someone tried taking his iPad away and that's when my parents knew it was a very huge problem, so they decided to put his iPad away for a while as well as our electronics or at least keep them out of his sight and over time I got my little brother back and my parents got their son back. Secondly, technology can distract people in many negative ways, one way is safe, you could be walking, driving, on a boat it does not matter, but if you're on your phone and not aware of your surrounding, or not paying mind to them, than you could get hurt. There have been many reports on people getting in car accident or getting hit all because they were not paying attention, but overall there have been more incidents while driving. There are some ways that technology has also been benefit to us. Some ways that technology has been beneficial is if you work in a job that requires you to have a computer or laptop to make work easier, or having a busy work schedule that you can type into your phone, and it would alert you about the things you have to get done. Another benefit way that technology has helped is shopping! Eveybody loves shopping but sometimes you can't go out and do some shopping for yourself because maybe it's been a long week and your exhausted from work, or you're injured, as well as having children. Children are the worst when it comes to doing things for yourself, which is why there is technology to help you out, you can do online shopping for groceries, clothing, EXC without having to leave the comfort of your own home. In conclusion, technology overall has its ups and down, there are times when it can be beneficial and there are also times when it can be a distraction, but it has definitely helped in the past in many ways one huge one is hospitals, technology has saved many lives and helped a lot of families, so it really depends on how you use technology for it to actually be beneficial. It's not good to take advantage of it, you have to use your brain as much as you can, people depend on technology too much and that's what causes problems.  