Author Ralph Waldo Emerson once said, "Success isn't around the corner. You'll have to work as hard as you can until you reached your limits. Always trying new things will make you grow." Life can be great, if you know how to make the best out of it. Although, it may seem that trying is hard, and it's a waste of time, it is actually true that trying can make you achieve your goals. Trying my hardest showed me who I really am. I accomplished some of my goals, but I always try to be inspired. This helped me get through my problems. None of my goals have been easy, they're hard, but that doesn't stop me. My plan is to be successful in life and not to be a failure. Sometimes I loose and sometimes I win. I used to be 275 pounds, I wasn't happy with the way I looked. I also experience random pain in my heart. My body was telling me to start losing weight. I really wanted to go and loose all of my weight, but my lazy side said to just sit in the couch and play video games all day. I had to get my life together and started going to the gym, the following day. Day by day, I started to feel something different. I felt more energetic and strong. I ate healthy, and those heart pains were gone. My parents were always there for me to encourage me. I also wanted to be an example to my little brother that anything is possible, as long as you try. I lost 58 pounds to be exact. Furthermore, I feel lighter than ever. Furthermore, I went beyond my limits to accomplish my goal. All hard work always rewards you as it did for me. My reward was having cheat days. I always love cheat days because you can forget about your diet for a day and eat whatever you want. Cheat days are the best to have, but not all the time. You can lose track and fall. Accomplishments are hard to achieve, but it's a lot of fun to do them. They can make you a better person and makes your life so much easier. As long as you try your best, you can do anything. My grandpa told me that trying is your best buddy. It can make you push yourself, and it can take you places you've never seen in your life. 