We humans aren't really perfect, there hasn't been one human that has never made a mistake, for example the person that is writing this prompt, has had a decent amount of failures in his life. One time he was taking a really hard test like this one, but he didn't know that it was going to decide if he is going to attend college or not, so he just sat down on the chair in Generic_School Library, and he began to take the test, he had to take another year of high school, but he figured that he doesn't want to fail this senior year. If he fails again he has to graduate with a bunch of kids, that doesn't sound right, does it? I'm from a family that always want their kids to be a doctor or an engineer, and they want to show to other parents that "my child is better than yours". So they kept putting pressure on me for months and years, but it didn't seem to help a lot, but I had to make a change one day not because I was trying to make my parents happy or impress the other parents, but I was tired, I was tried of not having respect in the family, like anything that I said didn't mean anything to them, so I had to change, and with that change came a lot of consequences, for example losing my friends, not leaving the house as much as I used to, working less, so it means less money on my paycheck by the end or every two weeks, but I didn't care as much, because I knew that this is going to be my last year at Generic_School. I will learn from my defeats, and make sure that they wouldn't happen again, like one time I was working at Pan era, my main job, and it was still my training week, so I had no clue what the names for the dressing and the food was, so there is this computer above every line that tells you what the name of the food is, and it tells you all the ingredients in the food and what kind of dressing that salad or what kind of sauce that food needs, so I followed the ingredients on the computer but I had made a peanut butter and jelly sandwich before the order I was making, and the costumer was allergic to peanut butter but I didn't know that so I made their salad with the gloves that was contacted with the peanut, so I gave the salad to my friend to bag it, and he asked me "Hey Generic_Name! Did u make sure to change your gloved after each order?" and I said "I'm sorry, I didn't know that I have to change my gloves every time." he said "It's fine, just change your gloves and make another salad." after that I have always changed my gloves after every order. By the way my side job is detailing cars at all in one auto group located in Generic_City, VA. It's not a really easy job, but the pay is good, $50/hour, for a teenager that's a perfect amount of money and imagine me working every day for a year and working 5 hours every day, yea, that is a lot of money for someone like me, last year I bought a lot of stuff with the money I made, I bought a car, a new phone, a really expensive watch, and a bunch of other stuff that u get when u have a lot of money, they don't affect your life, but they are just there, for entertainment purposes, like who really needs to have a Nintendo Switch and a PS4 at the same time, like what type normal person would do that, you only do this type of stuff when you have too much money, and having too much money and not knowing what to do with it is insane. Me failing makes me stronger, it's like you are running a marathon but every time you fall u get faster and faster, you keep getting closer to the finish line, and that is a good thing, the finish line is where we all are going to end up, but it depends on what u do during this race that decides if you are going to win or not, if you keep failing and failing and not learning from it then I feel bad for you, but you have to focus and learn and decide what is good and what is not good for you, you should not be distracted by the stuff around you and your life. Humans are stronger that what they think, I read somewhere that humans only use %1 of their brain capacity, imagine the day that we all would use at least %50 of it. If you ever feel like u have be defeated in life, you are not correct, get back on your feet and started working hard again, there is no way that you would do something the right way and not get a good result out of it, it's impossible to do so, unless you are pretending that you are doing it, in fact that used to be me last year, pretending like I'm doing homework, pretending like I'm listening to the teacher, but where did I go with all of that, just because I was lazy and didn't want to pay attention, I lost the race, but I got back on my feet this year, and I'm making sure that I'm happy, more than anyone else, I'm not going to let any negativity impact my life. My dad used to tell me, he still does, but he says that "imagine you are a racing horse, and you have covers on your eyes, so you would only see in front of you", apparently it makes the horse focus on the race, but he said that "you have a lot of distractions on your way but focus on what you have to do and only that, nothing else. Just keep running and don't let the distractions affect your life, if they do, you will lose balance and either affect someone else or you are the only one that will fall over, and that is not a good thing." In general just focus on your life have fun at times but make sure it doesn't affect anything and if it does, make sure that you, with the help of someone else or by yourself can figure out a way to resolve the situation, sometimes it's a perfect option to get help from the people that you know, like for example friends and family or even the school counselor or the principal, just get some help if you think that you can't resolve it by yourself. So the former British prime minister called "Winston Churchill" is right about "success consists of going from failure without loss of enthusiasm." I agree with his opinion.