"Your character will be what yourself choose to make it" everyone should be free of deciding their own character this is important because it can help with being more confident about yourself while making difficult choices, making clear what your goals for the future are, and makes easier to show who you really are to other individuals. In the other way some people believe that our character is formed by the difficulties and influences beyond our control. First, feeling confident about yourself is one of the best ways to succeed in life, it makes easier when deciding difficult choices, sometimes when people go through difficult moments in their lives, being confident with their self can help them to choose the best decision by just looking at the positive way of their decisions. For example, every time people visit a new location they should feel confident with their selves while creating new friendships or business. Secondly, setting your goals is not as easy as it sounds, because you have to know what you really want, when people know what their goals are they have to work really hard and encourage their selves to achieve it. If people chose their own character it's easier to set their goals because they really know who they are. For example, one of my goals is to graduate from high school. So, I need to put a lot of effort and hardworking to achieve it. In the other way, some people claim that our character if formed by the influences beyond our control, some of those difficulties might be what your parents want or economic resources. Also, when people let others create their life choices or character they don't enjoy their life as how they want to enjoy it. Foe example, if your you let your parents decide what to do with your future, you might don't like that decision and that would not be really who you are. In addition, making your own character influence in how you show others who you truly are, this is important because, it feels better doing something that you chose and want than doing something that other individuals what you to do or difficult situations. In conclusion, I agree with "John's" quote because everyone should be able to do decide what that really want to become, feeling confident with their selves, having clear all their goals and work hard to achieve them all, your character shouldn't be former by influences beyond their control. You should be able to show everyone who you really are.