Is good idea for students to receive online courses. In my point of law, it will be better for students to attend to regulars classes at schools. In this way students will be able to socialize with other people. Also, they will have the opportunity to do other activities. In this day's students receive free education, and it is easy for them to attend to school. Online programs may have a cost for the courses or classes. If students attend to schools they will learn more about their classes because teachers will be able to teach them with enthusiasm. In the other hand, is good idea to receive classes online, but you will not have the opportunity to interact with teachers or other students. If you go to school there will be a way that you can make new friends that you can share adventures and stories with them. It will be more benefit for students who go to school than students who stay at home watching their scream on the computer. Attening school also give you the option to enroll many actives. For example, you can join the football team. Music band, and the theater shows. I know a friend that he didn't like to attend school, but when he starts to play for the football team at his local school, he was more exiting to seen time at school. At school, you can do many activities. In contrast, receiving classes online can be a good option for does students that don't have the resources to go to school. For example, if they don't have a bus stop or the school is too far away. Also, for the students with special disability. The United States have the advantage to have free education. This is a good thing for does parents with not resources. Parents can send students to school without worry about a monthly payment. They know that their children are in a good learning place. In the other hand, having classes online may cost an amount of your money. It will be difficult for students because they will have to find a job to sport their online payments for the courses. In this way have classes online is not a better option for all. Offering distance learning as an option for students is not a good advantage for all the people who want to study. It's because many students prefer to attend to school than staying at home. It's a good thing interact with your teachers or other students at school.  