"How Small Acts of Kindness can have an Impact on Others." Happiness, Safety, Health, and Anger. People can be more happy, be more safety, and take care more of their Health and be less angry, a small act of kindness impact others to make better choices in their lives and many others good things. Kindness is a big thing in this world, without Kindness every one would be in a war. So as little of Kindness you have that can still impact others to make the right decision. First, People will be more happy, when someone acts kind to them and made them have more energy to do anything. You can have a better friendship with your friend or a family member, so you can be a better person. You will have more friendships, if you are kind to others, people will respect you for your kindness and how you made them happy. People fell depress when no one act kind to them that's why people have to be kind to each other. Second, People will be more safe, they will be less car accidents because people will be more careful when they are driving. People are getting hit by cars often, when you are upset and try to cross the street, and you don't look where the cars are coming from you have a big chance of being hit by a car. People will act more carefully when you're doing something. Athletes will be more careful so, fewer injuries in all the sports. Workers will be more careful about doing their jobs, one of the dangerous job in the world is working doing sky-fellers workers are risking their lives doing their jobs. Third, People health will be better with an act of kindness and be less angry, people have a better health when they get an act of kindness. People will go outside every day and play sports with others in the sun and people will have more vitamin D. vitamin D is good for your health. Anger when people don't get kindness they will do something wrong, and they will be fewer problems and fights. Sometimes people can't control their anger and want to get revenge or do something to someone. The other thing is people act buffoon when they are furious." How Small Acts of Kindness can have an impact on Others." Happiness, Safety, Health, and Anger. People can be more happy, be more safety, and take care more of their Health and be less angry, a small act of kindness impact others to make better choices in their lives and many others good things. Kindness is a big thing in this world so as little of Kindness you have that can still impact others to make the right decision. This is how an act of kindness can impact other.