Imagine if you're confused about which activity you should choose. There are a lot of activity you could do outdoors like for example, you could go to community parks, state parks, national parks, or other outdoor activities. On top of all of them, spending time with your friends outdoors is the most enjoyable activity of all others. A lot of people enjoys spending time with their friends because playing with the people you know is enjoyable, you can discuss things with you're friends, and they can make you comfort. One reason, people enjoy spending time with their friends is playing with the people you know. It's not fun to play with the people you don't know, like you don't know what's their favorite game or what other kind of things they like or dislike. If you're not playing with your friends it's not enjoyable, and it can stress you out. It will be a lot of fun playing with your friends because they will know what you like or dislike. The people you know, you can always discuss things with them. Another reason, people enjoy spending time with their friends is discussing things with them whether it's a good thing or a bad thing. Friends are always there to help you, if somebody needs to talk about how they feel they're always there. You should always trust you're friends, so they can trust you back. If your friends are trustworthy you can always discuss things with them, and they will gladly to hear it. When you discuss things with your friends they also make you comfort. Lastly, when you spend time with your friends they can make you comfort. When your feeling horrible or anxious about something, they will take away all the horrible feeling you have and cheer you up. Friends are also there to make you calm, so you don't worry about anything. They take away all the negative emotions, so you don't feel bad. Friends will always make you feel comfortable if something is wrong with you. Undoubtedly a lot of people enjoys spending time with their friends outdoors because playing with the people you know is enjoyable, you can discuss things with your friends, and they can make you comfort. Playing with the people you know they will know which things you like or don't like, and you can always discuss things that bother you with your friends. Friends are always there to comfort you, so you don't have to worry about things that make you feel bad. In conclusion, there are other a lot of activities people can enjoy, but one personally will be spending time with your friends outdoor.