Honestly, I do not agree about the important role that failure plays in the pursuit of success. The pursuit of success in life is achieving it in many ways. Therefore, you can push yourself to be successful by putting in effort. Failure can lead to serious conflict because then you will not be able to succeed. The important role that failure plays in the pursuit of success is not agreeable because you can overcome obstacles, aiming the goal to success, and to achieve the plan to.success. First reason, is to overcome the obstacles, for that you must have to work hard. Also, it takes practice the better you get to succeed. Do not give up on something you are overcoming in life. One of the biggest problems that people have in life is not overcoming what they are afraid of and from being afraid will not get you to succeed. Most of all to overcome the obstacles. Is to try them not to give up on them. Second reason, putting a great effort can lead to improving. Efficiently the work you do can increase a great impact towards your achievements. In order to achieve a method, working pays off and by earning it. For example, people push themselves to making progress. Others might work hard in different ways to be successful and to aim what they want. Eventually, when making progress towards something, can influence the goal you're improving. Third reason, to plan the success is to try achieving what you're aiming for. In other words, enthusiasm can be those people that want to be successful in life. Pursuit also aims for the goal you're trying to influence. When planning goals, is the most valuable thing to achieve. There must always be a plan towards the target you aim. Majority of the people, look for something easy they can achieve in their future goal and that is how they succeed. Finally, the key to being successful in life is by achieving it. To be honest, I do not agree about the important role that failure plays in the pursuit of improving. Many people find success by putting in effort and time towards big things. It is not too late to start pushing yourself to be successful and being something in life. Therefore, is it not an important role that failure plays in pursuit of success, and to achieve the plan to succeed 