Nowadays schools are finding new ways to use cell phones for educational purposes. Schools and teachers want to find new ways to educate students through cell phones since every child is attracted to them. But with schools trying to find ways that work, it does have its negative effects to it. The effects with using cell phones in classroom for educational purposes is that many students will end up getting off tasks, no more hands on learning, and they will start to relying too much on their cell phones. With cell phones being use for educational purpose, it has its negative effects to it and will affect student's learning in the process. As cell phones are being use for educational purposes, a negative effect to this idea is that students will not focus or get off task in their classes. If they use cell phones in classroom for a method to educate people, students with tend to get distracted on their phones and not learn what they are supposed to teach. Students will also end up dozing off and start to listen to music or even end up playing games on their phones and not focus on what's being taught. Also, with social media being so big nowadays students will focus more on texting friends or being on their Snapchat, Instagram, or even Twitter rather than focusing on what teacher is showing the classroom. With cell phones being use in classroom, students will end up getting more distracted and off task than when you do not use cell phones in the classroom to teach. The next paragraph will talk about another reason why using cell phones in the classroom for educational purposes has its negative effect. As cell phones are being use for educational purposes, a negative effect to this idea is that there is no more hands on learning for students. If school are using cell phones as a method to teach people, the students are not getting the hands on learning that they should get. Back then before everyone had a cell phone the way they were taught was with the step by step on doing the work and trying to understand how you ended up doing the work. But if they use cell phones in the classrooms the students would not be getting the step by step understanding of the work, rather than they doing it on the phones and just getting the answers. With schools using phones in the classroom the students would not be getting the same knowledge and understanding to specific problems and work than those who learn the step-by-step learning to the problems. In the next paragraph we will see another reason why using cell phones for educational purposes has a negative effect in the classrooms. As cell phones are being use for educational purposes, a negative effect to this idea is that students will end up relying too much on their cell phones and technology to get the work done. As the more classroom or schools end up using cell phones for educational purposes the students will end up relying on their phone to get the work done for them and not try to do it themselves. For example imagine students cell phones end up not working, and they only used their cell phones to get the work done, what are they going to do now if they only use their phone to do the work, and they did not learn the material on their own. With schools using phones as a way of teaching it with effect the students ways of learning and will start to rely on his/her phone in the later future to get their stuff done. In the last paragraph it will conclude the paper and sum up everything about the paper. In conclusion if more and more schools end up using cell phones for educational purposes they will make more students get distracted during class, not have the hands on learning they should have, and also they will start to rely on their cell phones more for the work rather than them trying to do the work them self. With cell phones trying to be used as a method of learning, it will end up not giving the students the education they need but rather them showing a way to get the work done quicker without all the extra work that should be done. So schools should stick with the methods they have now and not try to add cell phones as another method of teaching these students. 