"Oh my God Generic_Name," I did not have enough time to finish my PowerPoint, me too Generic_Name said. I think our school should add two hours more, and we should come four-day school weeks like some businesses they work for ten hours, and they only work four days it can benefit students and teachers because, some students can have more time to do their homework, some teachers and students can save more gas and money, and some students can ask their teacher for more help. First, students and teachers saved more gas and money. For example, my friend needs to drive herself to school every day, and she needs to pay for her gas. The other day she told me that coming to school for five days is stressful because, she has to pay for gas, and she is not working everyday like she just too, so her parents have to pay the gas for her. They told her if she does not start to pay for her own gas they were going to take the car away from her, I told her about how some businesses have adopted just going four-days to work for ten hours and I told her that our school should have four-day school week too, I think that would be a good idea, and she thinks that is a great idea too, because she gets to saved money and gas, and she does not have to worry about paying a lot of money for gas anymore and her parents would not be mad at her anymore because she would have the money to pay for gas. Other example can be my Spanish teacher she lives a little far from school, and she has to drive to school, but she is having some problems, and she does not have enough money to pay for her gas. She told me that if she does not get the money to pay her gas she was going to be absent for some day into she get the money to buy gas for her car, that make me so sad because she is my favorite teacher, she is like a mom to me, and she would not be able to come to school just because she don't have enough money to pay her gas. My friend told her about what I said and she thinks it's a great statement because she would have more time to grade students' homework ad would have more time to spent with her family. Second, students can have more time to do their homework. For example, myself sometimes in my math or chemistry class we talk about something new, and it takes almost the hold class and my teachers give us a lot of homework, so I think the if we go school for ten hours it would be great because I would have a lot of time to do all my homework, or I would have time to study too, and I would just get home to relax, and I would not get stress because I already did my homework. Other example can be my best friend Generic_Name, she is taking all AP classes, and she gets a lot of homework sometime she does not get the enough time to finish her homework in class and when she gets home she has to take cared of her little sister, so she does not have time to finish her homework at home, or sometimes she has projects do the next day, but she does not have enough time finish in class. Generic_Name said that she gets really stress about all her homework and how she has to do it in so little time, she thinks if we go to school for more time she would have a lot of time to do her homework and she would just go home and take care of her little sister, she should not have to be stress about doing her homework. Another example can be my friend Generic_Name, she loves to do homework because she likes to compete with other students, but ladle she has being so worry and angry about everything. I ask her why does not she competes with the other kids like she used to, she told me because she has a lot of tests coming up, and she needs to study and that she wish that we have more time in school, so she can get everything done the same day because now she has to take her homework to her house and finished over there, now she does not get time to relax and chill like she always did. Third, some students can ask their teacher for more help. Like myself the other day in math class we were talking about a new topic it was so hard that I did not understand the topic. After the teacher show us how to do it, I was asking for help every three seconds because I did not understand, after she explains me for the hundred time I was still confused, before the class end she gave us homework I did not how to do the homework ether, so I stay after with her, so she could, it explain me again, but the after school time is only for fifteen minutes. My teacher explain me again and show me how to do it again, but I did not get it, she told me the if we have more time in school hours it would be better because would take her time and explain to us how to the work more slow, but we only have like one hour in her class, so we do not get enough time ask a lot of questions. Other example, my friend Generic_Name sometimes his teacher talk so fast that he can understand what she is saying, he wants it to stay after school, so she could explain him again, but he could not stay because needed to go soccer practice he is missing a lot of day because he always stays after school with a teacher for extra help and if he does not start going to soccer practice again, his coach is going to kick him out of the team, he is the only one that has been missing a lot of days, and he needs to get back in track because his team has a really important game coming up, so he can not stay after school for help anymore. Some students think that they get stress for being in school for a lot of time;however, they are wrong because some students think that if they go to school for a lot of time they would get more time to do their homework. Some students and teachers get to saved more money and gas, some student can have more time to do their homework, and some students can ask their teacher for more help this are some benefits of why should my school adopt a four-day school week.