Who wants to work alone by themselves when you have the chance to work together with a group of students in your class. Working together is more beneficial because with a group you can get all the work done faster and students are less worried. Many students should work together as a team in school because it helps them with good life skills life. People might need this to help them when working at a job in the future. I agree that working with a group is more efficient and help students learn better. Benefits of working with a group is more beneficial because allows students to collaborate, allows different ideas or opinions from peers, and allows each individual to have feedback from peers. However not everyone would agree with this position. Some people believe that benefits of working alone is more helpful for themselves. For example, when a student are working on the computer for a certain project in fashion marketing, fitness and foods or other subjects in school because they're able to finished it themselves. This explains that people can put their own ideas and will get the work done quicker without any help from peers during class. Nevertheless, the oppositions overlooks other important points. First reason is that student can collaborate with other peers but only about 30% of people work together with other people on school projects assignments or activates. For example, in classrooms students have more possible chances to separate the task with each other. Also people wouldn't have to worried about not getting each slides done because their peers would be there to support them. This shows that students who work together with peers they are not only benefiting themselves but helping other people too. Students can enjoy and have fun working with friends also everyone will get a good grade. Second reason is students can come together as a team by listening and hearing out all of their peers creative ideas and opinions in a group on the project. For example, each person might have a good suggestion or reason on a history project that will help their group with the assignment. This shows a person will have many ideas that they can choose from a peer in their group, and it's always nice to use different reasons from a student. Third reason is when a student can get a individual feedback to help them on an English writing essay in class. For example, the person is writing an essay for class on Google Docs with each other it helps them talk and get feedback from a peer or friend in class. This shows that having a students help is important because you can fix the error in the essay with a peers correction and students can learn better together from people. To conclude that working with a group is better for people because allows students to collaborate with peers so that people can separate the task with each other, allows different ideas or opinions from peers when each person has good suggestions for projects and allows individuals to get feedback from peers on helping a student with an English writing essay. Maybe good for students to work alone but working in a group is helpful to have someone support them.  