I am strongly agreed the failures in our lives means to keep going and be a successful person. Although some say success not consists of going from failure because people always fell many times keeping doing the same mistakes in several times in their lives, actually success consists of going from failure because failure help us to learn more in our lives and get experiences to teach other people. Those who believe success not consists of going from failure have they reason. One reason people always fell many times keeping doing the same mistakes in several times in their lives. But doing the same mistakes many times does not help people to be successful; makes the person wake in front of others. People that are better to them can make bullying at them because they feel that they are perfect than others. Many of the people that keep thinking that they are a loser think about dying is the better thing to get out of the failures. Did you know is that 90% 0f the teenagers kill them self instated of find help to keep going with their lives? It is very scary and make me sad at the same time. If we use social medias we can see people talking about their lives or using drugs and drugs makes the person to lose more their mind. However, success consists of going from failure because failure help us to learn more in our lives. Learning from failure to failure is better for all the people. Having the enthusiasm in our mind can be the better word to start our life every day. We are capable of doing many things it does not matter how many times we have to do the same things to be better in our feature, but we have to keep going not matter what. In my position I have an experience; when I was in my country I did not what to do with my life; I just was trying to finish my middle school, get a job and then have a family and now here I am making better things for my life; now I amt inking about to have a better life. When I came to the USA I was thinking about how am I going to do if I do not anything about the language, but now I feel more conformist knowing the language because makes me keep going studying. I thought that learning another language was a new obstacle for me to keep going we my life. Also, success consists of going from failure because people get experiences to teach people. There are many people that think that they are failure, and they are not; I think that every people are genius. The things are that people do not let the talents get out and that can be because they think about others people opinions about them. I have many experiences keep seeing people about failure. Had you ever try to help others? I have it done many times. When I was in my country I saw this person trying to be better but at the same time this person was with many problems that did not let to keep going. In many occasions I help the person to be better like getting solutions with the problems, and it is very difficult to teach others with the problems and try to make them better. Seeing our life in a failure can be the worst thing, but keeping trying to do better things each day is going to be the better effort in our life and that is going to help us to get more enthusiastic every day. It is very helpful to find ways to be better in the world because every person had to have new things to do the life better for themselves and help others if they are struggling with their life.  