Many people don't know their own character traits or who they really are. They are stuck in a fantasy on what people tell them how they are like. While John Lubbock wrote, "Your character will be what you yourself choose to make it." Our character traits are based on how we choose it to be. We should choose our Character traits by the way we know our self's best, Other people opinions could be wrong on what they might tell us, Character traits shows how our personality is really like. Knowing our self better than many people are can build character alive it shows how much strength we have. By the way we represent our self best and what all of this can build out of it also shows how much knowledge it brings as well. Having many traits and how well we can identify about them shows us and others how best we know our self and how well we can put a label on it. Showing many types of traits on an everyday lifestyle isn't easy nor impossible. It takes time to realize what kind of character trait you are trying to build. By digging deep and finding many types of personalities in yourself will build a strong trait you may never know about. Asking for other peoples opinion about who or what character do you bring out upon yourself might give you wrong information. Maybe asking a friend could bring ideas to build a good character trait but might not give enough information. Finding about your own character traits is difficult. There can be many types of option instead of asking for someone else opinion. Online could be a strong benefit about finding more information about your character traits. There is many other websites that could help find more information to what kind of character you build. With this information you realize how much you know yourself while reading and finding. Personality can show a big character to whom you could possibly be. It shows how you are when you are with other people. You build stronger traits when you know what kinds of personalities you have. There can be many personalities, but many people have an important one that explains who they are and what kind of traits they have. Being with the right people with great personalities could help and explain why yours is just as strong and kind. Having this good trait can be a big part of knowing who your character is. Choosing our character traits can't always be easy. It shows how difficult it is to finding good traits and building character wise. Many people know their character traits from what they know about themselves. It shows how we choose our character and how strong it comes alive. It's always a good reason to why we should choose our own character traits. 