Many people believe that they do not need advises from others in order to take decisions in their life, and they believe they should take their own decisions. I do not agree with them. It is important to listen what other people think about it. Each person is different in a special own way and someone else might help you to solve your problem. I believe people should seek guidance from experts and authorities because they may have a better idea, or they may have been in the same situation before. One of the main reasons is that other people may have been there before, and they may know what to do. For example, You are undecided about taking swimming classes or piano classes, and you know you are a great swimmer, but you've also wanted to play piano since you were 6 years old. Your brother have been in that situation before, and he thinks that you should take piano classes from Monday to Wednesday after school, and swimming classes every Friday after school, but you have to work from Thursday to Sunday;then he says that you should take piano classes every Monday and Wednesday after school, and Swimming classes every Tuesday after school. You believe that is what best suits for you. Another reason is that other people might have a better or different idea than yours. Another example is that your parents give you two choices: going to Canada for spring break or going to The Bahamas for Christmas break. Generic_Name, your best friend have already visited those places, and she tells you to go to Canada because she knows you love extreme low temperatures. You tell your parents that you've decided to go to Canada and once you are there you realize that it was the best decision you've taken. Thanks to your friend's advise;you are enjoying your trip, and you are glad that you asked for her opinion. On the other hand, letting others influence on the decisions you take is not always the best thing to do. A simple example can be that you go to the mall and decide to buy a pair of shoes, but you do not know what color to choose, so you ask your sister, and she thinks that the red pair is the best for you; you buy it and when you get home, you realize that you do not like those shoes. The first thing you would probably do is blame on her because she told you to buy the red pair, but if you take that decision by yourself, and you regret for the decision you make; You cannot blame on somebody else except for you. In conclusion, people who seek guidance from their family, experts, or authorities are most likely to take the right decision. All persons sometimes may need an advice from someone on what to do, or if they should follow their own instincts; but the one who will make the decision is you, so do not blame on others for the decisions you make. Humans are not perfect, and we do not always take the best decisions in our life; but with help from others, we will be able to make them right and move on.