I agree with that because positive attitude always bring the success in our life. It helps us with lots of things in our life. All people love those who have positive mentality and a good personality. In order to be successful in life u need to be respectful with every single things that we do every day. We can get so much benefit out of it. It helps people to get more friends and make a good community. It also makes our family think that we are smart and make them feel proud of us. The first thing we all should do is to love our self if we cannot do that it will be hard for us to control our positive attitude. If we don't love our self we can't love others as well as you do to ourselves. We are human we cannot be same as others in some point we make mistakes in life we always should try to move forward. Some of us might have seen some people they can't be satisfied with their life because of their behavior and the way how they think of there life. We need to conduct our self in a particular way to bring the power of success. There are many people who can't show their love to people or who are kind of broke on their life most of them have negative mentality. It's not their fault maybe the situation makes them to be like that some of us living with depression, and it causes a massive different into our brain our thinking area and more other part or side effects. It also happened to me when I was freshmen during the high school year. I started to giving up on my life I didn't feel like to doing anything in life. Every single day was the hell of my life. I broke down myself and put my self somewhere where no one can find me. I didn't talk to anybody just trying to stay at home all the times and realized how could I get out of this kind of situation. I was starting to lose friends in that time. Only those will understand if they have ever gone through depression. That was the worst feelings I ever felt in my life. I was trying so hard to figure out why this is happening to me and where does this come from and didn't get any response out of this. I felt negative every time. I tried so hard to change the situation, but it didn't work. Furthermore, I didn't have anyone to share my feelings all I did is just to kept that in my heart and made my self cry a lot. Furthermore, I thought of myself I will never be successful in life. After few days passed one of my friend came to my house just to visit our family member and me. When I see him I was little happy to see him after a long time. I took him into my room, and we were talking about something's, and recently he came up with a topic which is call depression. He knew how I was feeling with my life, so he started to giving me some lesson to make me feel better and everything. First he told me I need to change the way how I think about my self and people, and he also told me there are many people who always try to push others down and make them feel bad and make you think something that is not good for you. My friends told me to ignore those and listen to my own heart. No matter, how u feel, always love your self and change the way how you think of yourself. As a human nobody is happy about their life in some point their sad, but the main thing is we got to move onto forward. Forget about everything's that happened in the past. After he has told me all the lesson I was feeling way better than the past I realized how crazy I was before and the way of my thinking. My friend he was so motivated. Whatever he told me it was so appreciated to me, and it forced me to change my self to become a normal and to be a positive person. I decided to not keep my life stop because i don't want to be in the same situation as before. I want to make my family friends and all of my relatives feel proud of me. Every one of us need to love their selves and if they think negatively to bring the success in their life, it will never work that's why we all should try to handle our mind positively. It will help all of us to become successful in our life. This is why the positive attitude is the key to success in life. 