What are the benefits of working with a group and working alone? I believe that working in groups helps you to have more ideas, more knowledge, because if you communicate with your group members, they'll think about different ideas to proceed the work that is getting done. Working alone sometimes helps you more than working with groups because you are responsible for your own work. I rather work by myself because I've had bad experience working with groups. When I work in groups sometimes I'm the one that has to do all the work, and in my opinion if we are working in groups we have to help each other, communicate and share our thoughts because if we don't do that what's the point of working in groups. However, I think working in groups is important because you can come out of your comfort zone and be free to share your thoughts with your group members, and you can make friends too. For example, I'm a very shy person, it's rare the times I talk in class but when I'm in a group I have to talk, share my thoughts with my group members and communicate with them. Reasons why I prefer working alone are: I focus more doing my own work, it's only my responsibility not others, I have to worry to turn it in on time, if I get a bad grade it's going to be my fault not others, I'm responsible for my own actions, I have to make sure if everything is right to get all the credit. Reasons why I don't like to work in groups are: sometimes they're not responsible for doing their part, if they do their work they do it all messy(you can't even understand their handwriting), they play around too much because sometimes they take it as free time, they spend most of the time on their phone instead of doing what they are supposed to do, sometimes they don't do their part in time, and we have to turn it in late and don't get all the credit. I believe working in groups is beneficial but at the same time it's not, I think it depends on the people you work with, because if you work with people that do their work and actually care about school they will definitely be beneficial and make your group work out. If you work with someone who doesn't care and is always playing around, you won't get anything done and will receive a bad grade unless you do all the work and the other person will just get credit by not doing anything, in that case there is no point to work in groups. In conclusion, I believe it's more beneficial to work alone than groups because you can focus more on what you're doing and take responsibility of your own work, because if you don't take care of your school work nobody is going to do it for you. So you have to chose what's better for you and what's going to benefit you more, but for me, I feel like working alone is more beneficial for me than working in groups.  