Should students be required to take a class in the arts, and should those classes even be an elective? I believe students should have a choosey in what they take while in school. Most students when they are not interested in something will most likely not do good in that subject. If you put students in those classes when they don't want to take then the pass rate may drop in those classes. The music, drama, and art class should stay as electives for students that enjoy those classes. I do see how those classes can help a student with some aspects on life but if they don't want to be in that elective then they won't be as involved as everyone else. School is meant for learning and not just putting students in a class they don't like, it's not a good way to teach students. If the student have a choosey in what they take, then will students find it interesting and will want to learn more. The classes students choose to take should help them get ready for there future career. I am opposed to having classes in the arts as a required class, but I do believe they should stay as electives. Since I am still a student myself, I know what it is like to be put in a class that I do not find interesting. I do not feel as if the school should have the right to choose our required electives. Student should have a choosey in what class they want because it appeals to them, and it's something they actually want to take. If a student choose that class they then choose it for a reason. That's why if a student gets something they don't like, they are not going to be as engaged in that class and not learn that much as well. A student should have a right not to take the classes in the arts and schools should not make it a required class neither. If school makes those classes required then the pass rate is going to drop and students will not want to attend school as much because they are failing a class they don't even like. The schools should keep those classes as electives and not as core classes. There are plenty of students that enjoy taking those classes and that do perfect in them as well. The classes in the arts are great classes to have an option to take while in school, it opens so many doors for students that want to make a career out of those classes. I'm sure some students learn a lot of life lessons while taking those classes and has helped them in some way. I believe you can learn a lot of skills in those classes as long as your engaged in them and actually like the classes. School should keep music, drama, and art class as electives so the people that want to take it can. The classes students take should help them in there future career. If a student want to take a class that he want to work in as a career, they shouldn't be rejected to take it because the classes in the arts are required to take. For example, if a student what's to become a construction work, then I do not see how taking a music class is going to help that student reach his goal to be in that career. The things students do now while in school can change there lives just by simply making them take a class they don't like. There are a wide range of classes students can take that will better prepare for when they leave school. The classes students take now will help them but if schools make the students take something they don't want to take then will it possible ruin them. That's why students should not be required to take the classes in the arts and choose in what they want to take. I don't believe schools should be the classes of the arts so be required to take. But I do believe they should stay as electives in the school. Students should be able to choose what they take in school, and they should take something that is appealing to them. The classes to have benefits to some students and is a great elective class to have. The students should be able to pick a class that is going to help them in there future career and also get an aspect in what they are getting into. In conclusion, the class in the arts classes are an important role in the students experience but manly to the student that enjoy taking those classes.