When I first get interest in the medicine area, what I what was help people, be like the doctors that helped my little brother; learn how someone can save lives. Today Mr. can help me to learn more to help others, to help who needs. Its necessary start to think in the future doctors, start to pass the learning to the next generation, the theories, and the growth of the modern medicine. This partnership can teach me what the doctor learn all this year's. To learn of the doctors can help me to learn why the things are doing this way, for example em de patient stop to breathe the doctor has to put a tub to the patient start to breathe; and if this doesn't work the doctor has to do a mini-surgery. The reason why when someone brake a leg the time of the recuperation is different; the reason why when a car chars happen the patient has to went to a T.C. The reason why cancer happen, if it is in our DNA or can happen to anyone. This partnership can help me to learn the theories. The theories of the causes for the repenting blinding, or way some patients wake up to the coma and others don't. How will be possible in the future faith with the cancer and the autism to help the people that have it; how its possible someone o broke the cervical walk again. If it's possible create a substitute to the glasses, what will be the percentage of people who have obesity in the future. This partnership can help me to learn the growth of the modern medicine. Talk about how the treatment to the cancer cell can be done with radiation, and what can be done to change this process because of the negative effects in the humans body. Talk about the big number of surgery in the kids, and how it's possible do something do the recuperation be less painful to the kid and to the parents. Talk about how is possibly prepared the kids for an emergency and how act in one. Some may say that learn knew things is boring. Yes, sometimes it's, but if you learn knew things this can help in your future, and prepared you to possibility that you haven't imagined. Some may think that teenage are just kids and is not necessary to think about the future. Yes we are kids, but in other hand we are the future and if we don't think about it who will think for us?Its necessary start to think in the future doctors, the growth of the modern medicine start to pass the learning to the next generation, the theories, and start to pass the learning to the next generation. So Mr. I really hope that you chose me and gave me a chance to me for prove myself, and learn many knew things in this process that will help me to grow as a person, and as a future provisional that can learn knew things every moment in the medicine area, the future is coming, and we are the chose that you want to make.