All students desperately waits for the weekends. Because they hate all the school days. But believe me, adding one and a half hours to schools will be beneficial to all the students for their future. The school board should add one and a half hours to school each day because the students can learn more, they can use their time wisely, they can improve the understanding skills of the students. The school board should add one and a half hours to school day because all the students can learn more. A long time period can make all the students to get a good knowledge about their chapter or topic, So, most of the students might be started to get good grades on their tests. The students can take their time to do their own work. So, all of them can discuss their projects. Sometimes the students can finish their homework during the class periods. That might save the time for everyone. Firstly, the students can get some more knowledge is a reason why the school boards should add one and a half hours to school each day. Another reason is, all the students can use their time wisely in the class. The students will be more into their study at that time rather than their phones. So, the time will be more useful to them. The students can finish their all work in the class. So, they can get some extra time to spend with their family and relatives. Sometimes, the students can get some extra time to read books. And that can improve their reading skills. Secondly, using the time properly is another reason why the school board should add one and a half hours to school each day. Although, some people may argue that, adding one and a half hours to school each day is stressful to all the students. But, believe me or not, all the teenage students are always on their phones. So, it isn't a bad idea to add one and a half hours to school each day. At least, they can't be in the touch of their electronic devices for one and a half hours! Lastly, for a better understanding skill the school board should add one and a half hour to school each day. The teachers can explain the chapter or the topic by taking their time. So, the students will understand the chapter better. The students will be more responsible and the teachers will teach the students with a good understanding level. That will be more beneficial for the whole class. Good learning or understanding skills is the last reason why the school board should add one and a half hours to school each day. Adding one and a half hour to school is beneficial to all the students for their future. Because they can learn more about their topic, their time will be used more wisely for them, they will understand the subject better. The students will finish their work in time. They can read books, they can discuss their projects and stuff, the teachers will get some extra time explain the errors or problems. The students future will be brighter!