Imagine of having your own business by the time you graduate from high school. I think it's a good idea for students to commit or take specific courses at a young age for their future lifestyle because you will have more experiences also you can save a lot of money, you don't have to worry about for college. Although some people think it's a bad idea for students to commit to a career because they just into high school, However they will have more experience by the time they graduate from high school and live a better lifestyle because they already have good career and have money, and they might have graduate early and started their own family or family business. Some students like to be me a businessman or women so the plan to take classes about those to topics, so they can learn more, and they can help the others with their business. The first reason why it's a good idea to commit to career in a young age is because you will gain more experience and gather information that can help you with your career and have a better lifestyle, so you can have everything you need and don't need anybody to help, and you can ask others for their advices on how's to gain more experience and some students can take online class. I understand having to plan your career little early in hard because you have to have good grades and enough credits graduate early. So if you want to have better lifestyle you have to put in the hard work, and you can't stop until you reached your goal and your happy with it. Also you apply for jobs to gain as many experience you wanna gain for exp lam you can work at the fast food restaurants and at subway and the doctor offices or at Walmart and forever twenty one. And having a business is hard because my dad has one and we early get to see him because he's so busy and his business is not even to close to us is at TN, and we get to see him only once a month or two. The second why having a career is so important because you can save a lot of money like a lot. Because saving money is good because you can really rich, and you have to be selfish in the begging if you want to become something great in life. Although you have to spend a lot of money at first because you're having for your classes and programs that your in, so you can study what you want and there are some school that will help their students to be successful in life but have to put in the hard work first if you don't then that's a big problem because you're not going to be rich you're not going have a lot of money to have good lifestyle. So that's why students need to apply for jobs at age of sixteen and build baby steps to save money and doing good at school and having a better. There is a lot of ways for students to gain money and save them for exp lam you make cupcakes at home and sale them at school or other events you can make a lot of things a sale them and that how you save a lot of money by working hard in school and having a job or making stuff. The last reason for having your career planed out in a young is to help you in the future weather you have to go college or not and if you have enough credits and your testing scores are good, and you don't have a history of getting into a lot of fights and trouble. Then college is for you and you don't have to worry about having to pay for college because you can get a scholarship to the best schools ever and college is an important part of your career and life It's where you can get more education and help you to become a better at what you're doing in the future and if you want to something big you have to work hard like you can't stop because people that put the work they don't stop until they got they want in life and honestly some people have to work hard for everything they want, but others don't because they were born with golden life. Although some a good idea to have experience with other careers and with making stuff and having a lot of money and not playing for college, but first you have to put in the hard work in order to be committed to a career in a young age because It's really hard when you want to commit to something don't have the goods and good testing scores for in that means you have to do double the work that your already doing. Some people can do anything when they put their brain and mind to it and that's good because if i only focus in school had been a straight AB student but I didn't so It's hard for me to do that now because there is no time left and what I am trying to say is that don't wait until the same minute to do something specially if you want to have good career and want to commit to it.  