Personally, I have been able to find myself to be able and do more when I'm up and active, as in doing something good for me, someone else, or in general. It's like you're able to do more once you're up, and you are able to tell yourself that you can do better, and you can do more than what you're supposed too. As Jefferson said "it is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing." Sometimes you can be so into the work and time can fly, and you can get so much done with no distractions. When I am doing something positive for myself and I want to do more, I find me telling myself a lot "what good will this does to me?" or "where will it get me?" I'm sure that I'm not the only one asking myself questions like these when I want to do something good for myself or my life. When we are doing something for us, we can ask ourselves questions like the ones I stated. Once we do more than what we want to do and keep a positive mindset about it, that can be able to stick with us and become a good habit we can carry on in our lives. Which is amazing. We'll be able to strive for the best for ourselves and others when we carry on a good habit like that and show others how much we care about not just ourselves but others as well. We can always be able to carry a positive mindset with us, and we can pass that on to others, and it'll be able to motivate people to do more than what we can do once we are up and doing something. I really tend to look at the bright side a lot and look at what is at the end or the outcome, when I'm trying to strive for the best by doing the absolute best that I can. We may have our moments where we can get tired of doing the most, but then we are able to tell ourselves how much the hard work is worth at the end when we do the most of what we're supposed too. Once we do the best that we can, we can reflect on it later on in life and be so proud of ourselves and tell ourselves how tired we were for doing the most but how much worth it all was at the end. I have my moments where I can be so tired of trying my best and just want to give up. But then I take a step back, look at my work, and once I'm done, and I tell myself how proud I am because it got me far. We also are able to have no regrets at the end of the day and reflect on it and see how dedicated we were and still are to this day. We can tell others our story and say how proud you are for yourself and see how dedicated you were and still are for doing what you can and doing better. Not in any bragging type of way but to motivate them in a way. You're able to pick up the habit of being so dedicated to bettering yourself or others by doing more once you're doing. It's like self motivation, telling yourself "you can do more." Once we pick up this good habit of accomplishing more than what we are supposed too, we motivate not just ourselves, but others as well-to-do more and more. Like I said, we can look at the bright side of it always, and feel nothing but good and proud of ourselves at the end. When we build this good habit and do the most, we are able to do the more than what we could before and little by little building that up. At the end of accomplishing what you could, you are able to tell others what the hard work and dedication gives you at the end of it all. As well as how far it gets you in life. It can sometimes motivate others to strive for the best, and it can help them, sometimes they need to hear you out for it to motivate them. What I like about it is that, when we are able to pick up this good habit of ours, we can tell others about it, and it can motivate them to do the same. It's like we talk them into to striving for the best for themselves and others in life. It's like we are passing this good habit we've built down, and then it just keeps going and going. Sometimes hearing others out really helps others a lot. When you are able to just take a moment and take one step back, it really is possible for you to accomplish more than what you can when you're doing. You motivate not just yourself but others when you really are dedicated to doing your best, and it can become a good habit. You're able to pass that down, and it can give you a positive mindset to it all. The outcome can turn out to be good and make you feel good about yourself at the end. It can get you so far in life as well, and you're able to look back at the most that you have accomplished and have no regrets about any of it. It is truly motivational and can truly help if you are really dedicated to it all.