Do we accomplish more by constantly doing something? Thomas Jefferson wrote, "Determine never to be idle... It is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing." He believed that more would be accomplished if there was something being done most of the time, I agree with this. Accomplishing a task motivates some people to do more, accomplishing more, It also helps us learn more about ourselves. Although, people believe that being in-active is better because it provides less stress and more free time, It also keeps us from succeeding our daily tasks and influences us to be lazy. Being busy would require us to be awake and alert of what we are doing. In some cases, after finishing up a task, all people want to do is move on and rest. In other cases, people choose to knock out more work that they have in mind. Having this kind of mindset is good, because it allows a person to have more energy and to keep themselves busy. A personal experience would be when I was so tired one afternoon, but I had to keep myself from napping because I had homework due. After I completed that one homework, I was too awake to even sleep; So I decided to knock out other work I had in the meantime. In the end I received a better grade from that class and I had chores finished from that week, so I didn't have to do anything in the weekend. To conclude this paragraph, when I accomplished one thing I ended up accomplishing more than I expected. We all have our different ways of living and learning. One way to help you learn more about yourself is by keeping busy. You learn how to manage your own time, you learn about how you react to a hectic environment which can help for future references, and You learn how your own mind works. For example, When I was in my sister's sixteenth birthday party, I also had school to focus on, homework to get done, and Sol's to focus on. For me, it was a pretty hectic schedule, but I learned how to respond and manage my time. Learning how to manage my time came in handy when my sixteenth birthday came along. Everyone has a different way of living and learning, and keeping myself busy taught me a lot about how I live and learn. Although being in active provides us with less stress and more free time, which is not always a bad thing, It influences us to not only be more lazy, but to procrastinate. To procrastinate put off something that should be done, To leave it for that moment and do it later, as you repeatedly tell yourself, but you occasionally never end up doing it. Procrastination can lead you to become more and more unprepared. Being unprepared isn't the best way to live. Having more free time can have its positive outcomes, but also its negatives. For example, who wants to accomplish nothing now, only to do the same in the future? People may believe being in-active is a better way to live because it relieves you from stress and work, but doing nothing can follow with other bad habits that can lead to worse in your future. In conclusion, we accomplish more by keeping busy. Keeping ourselves busy can help us prepare for our future, and help us learn more about ourselves and how to respond to a hectic lifestyle. Although some people would like to live a lifestyle doing absolutely nothing, that wouldn't be the case for all. Others would prefer to accomplish more by staying active and helping themselves prepare for whatever comes next.  