Being a successful person in life require some essential things. Successful person is someone who achieve goals in life and make dreams true. People who are pressing for a good work will feel great and ready to start a new project to progress in life. People who have a success life can be because they had teachers who praising they for doing outstanding school's project so, this inspirited they to try the best they can and be a successful person in their future. However, some people believe praising a student's work to build self-steem is a good idea nevertheless, I think the source of true self-steem is achievement because, praising students who did a great job will feel amazing and also, it helps to have a better self-steem and students will have the ambition to improve their skills and achieve something to their future. Praising students who did a great job will feel amazing and also, it helps to have a better self-steem. Students feel great when someone is praising them so, this help they to feel better and happy. Positive personalities become to a good self-steem also, this make a better environment. Students with a good self-steem will be doing a better job and will make true the things their love. Praising great students can help to other students to try to do a better job like that great student and be praising like they. Praising students who did a great job will be beneficial for the entire classroom becoming a positive environment and making the students more active to do a better job to be praising like an outstanding student and this help they to progress and do things better. Students will have the ambition to improve their skills and achieve something to their future. The students in a classroom will want to be outstanding students, so they will try the best they can and start to progressing to reach that goal. Students with a good self-steem and smartness will want to have a great future and the ambition to be a better student every day. Praising students help they to improve their skills and doing their best. Students who are praising for a great job will help they to improve tar skills and do better jobs every day and become outstanding students. In conclusion, the source of true self-steem is achievement because when a great student is praising will have the ambition to improve every day more to become a better student. My suggestion is to start praising great students to make they and others to feel the ambition to be better every day and create a smart, competitive and happy environment.