Did you know that people who stay out of trouble, have greater change of succeeding in life? So the city council should take step forward in to adopting the curfew law, because that would keep the teenagers out of trouble. Many teenagers follow the law, but those who do not will be breaking the law. This curfew law is going to help many ways, some teenagers stay out late socializing with they are friend; many times they are late to school the next morning. The benefits of this law would be that, it keeps the teenagers safe and out of trouble. If the curfew is adopted, it is going to keep the teenagers out of streets late at night. My friend and I sometime go to 7-eleven late at night during weekdays around 10:30 p. m. If the law was in order right now, we would be breaking the law. On the weekend some teenagers might want to stay out longer with they are friends: socializing, making new friends, and building a good friendship. But a law is a law, If you are still out on the streets after 12 a. m then you would be breaking the law and going to be in trouble. This curfew law will set a boundary for teenagers who always come home late at night. This law might cut down bit of they are freedom, but it is for they are own good. My mom always tells me to be home by 9:00 p. m on the weekdays, but I am always an hour late. When the curfew law is in order, my mom knows that I will be home by 10 p. m, because I do not like to break the law. It is better to be safe and out of trouble than getting in trouble and breaking the law. Many people would disagree with the curfew law because some teenagers work and do not have transportation; they have to walk from work to home after those hours. There-for it is parents job to make sure they are kids make it home safe. As parents, you never want to see your child in danger or in trouble on the streets. The city council should adopt the law in order, so the teenagers will be out of streets late at night and home safe with they are family.