What would you think about an after school homework club at your school. Do you think that it would help the students with their homework or that it's just a waste of time to do this type of clubs? Some people might think that the homework club its helpful and others don't. Others might do it just to get their homework done early. That way they have free time at home to play games or to go out with friends. I think that this club can help so many students who have difficulty with certain subjects like Math, English, or Science. It can also help them get their homework done or any projects that they didn't finish in class. The teachers there can help the students with their work. Also, they can work with a friend that is in the club with them. It would be a really fun thing because you get everything done faster. Some people might think that it's a waste of time because they can do their homework at home. Other students just go to get all their homework done early. They can also go to have a little fun with their friends after they are done with all their work that they had. This club can also help you study for a test that you're about to take or something else. They can also just go to play video games if they have no homework to do. I think that the schools should keep doing this club after school because it can help students get their homework done. That way the students can improve their grades that they have in the class. The students should also not be misbehaving while in the club. They shouldn't do any inappropriate things or say anything inappropriate during the after school club. If they do, they should get a consequence. I would like to have after school homework club because it can help a lot of students with their work. They can get their homework done faster and get more help. You can also go and get your homework done earlier. You can study for a test that you're about to take. Furthermore, you can finish any projects that you didn't get to complete in class. After school homework club is a really cool thing that every school should have.