Some school districts offer programs that allow high students to graduate in three years instead of the traditional four years. In my opinion, I feel like it is a good idea for some school districts to allow high school students to graduate in three years instead of the traditional four years. The reason on why I feel like it is a good idea for students to graduate early is for Job opportunity, Entering college early and also Moving other places and starting a whole new life without no worries on education no more. Job opportunity's will help you out to save money, working on what you like doing and also find some jobs can help you get into college if you are interested. For example, I am studying about autotechnology, and it is my second year doing it. My plans are to continue working on cars and hopefully find a job at a dealership, so I can learn enough at college. Another reason on why I feel like allowing students to graduate in three years instead of four is so that they can start off there future earlier than others by attending college. Entering college early is a good thing because you have some time to pick and decide on what you might want to study and learn about, so you can get your masters on it or so that you can finish early and move onto what's next on your accomplishments in life. My school has the option to do Dual Enrollment which basically means starting college already and getting already college credits and still having to be in high school. Finally, another reason on why I feel like graduating from high school earlier than others is to have the chance to move to another country or state and start a brand new. Starting a brand-new life can become very hard and very stressful. Starting a new life moving somewhere else means finding a better job opportunity, finding an place to live in your budget and also finding new people to hang around with but in my opinion at the end it will all be worth it. Some students are already looking somewhere to move on their own or with a roommate because they might be having problems at home that they don't want to deal with. At the same time of moving to another place you have to make sure that you are ready on what's about to come into your life. For example, paying bills, paying rent, house supplies and also if you have a vehicle make sure that your payments are on time. In conclusion, I feel like allowing high school students to grate in three years instead of the traditional four years is a good idea. Job opportunity, Entering college early and also Moving to another state or country in my opinion are one of the main important things to focus on after finishing high school.