I agree with being honest at all times because you need to be honest with your true friends, you need to be honest with your family, and you to be honest with yourself. The first reason you need to be honest is with your true friends because your true friends are going to want you to tell the truth to them. Your friends always check on you to see if you are okay and tell you how is your life so far. You got to tell the truth to them because they really care about you a lot. For example, what happens if you are in a bad situation like being chased by a stranger, and you told your friend to call 911 because you are being chased. The police got there in time to arrest the stranger who was chasing you. You see, friends care about you and for your safety as well. Your friends will always get your back no matter what happens to you or them. Your friends just want to hang out with you have fun. The second reason you need to be honest is with your family. You got to be honest with your family because you got to tell them the truth of what is going on in your life. What happens if your Mom or Dad are calling you while you are walking to school with your ringer cut off. They're just checking on you and for your safety. Your does not want you tell them lies sometimes cause kids do not want to tell their parents what is going on in school. You never know when they are getting bullied and being harassed. The lesson of the story is that always be honest and tell the truth with your family. The third reason you need to be honest is with yourself at all times. You have to trust yourself because you never know what is going to happen to you. For Example, someone is selling drugs in school, and he told you that you want some drugs. You have to think is this going to kill me or just say no. In my opinion I would say no to person who is selling the drugs. This actually can happen in real life. If you were in that position just say no or make an excuse. The lesson of the story is always be honest to yourself. 