The people are discussion about the use of technology has positive or negative effects on people's live, some people think technology allows people to complete many tasks without having contact with others, other people think the technology is the cause to the limitation of human contact. The technology it is positive effects because have many advantages, it is a big help in the people's live. In the actuality, we live a life busy with many works, sometimes we have others commitments. The teenagers have too much homework and some teenagers have work after school, and finally we have a little free time in the night, but all this is more fast and easy thanks to technology, because the technology make easier some things, for example if the homework was in paper without technology, we need to go to the library for buy pictures, colors, history and more materials and that take more time, and we need to wait for somebody, because we need ride, finally without technology we are spent money and that take more time. However, some people think the technology has negative effects, and we don't should be used the technology because when the family want to eat together sometimes everybody use the cellphone in the tables, and they don't have a good relationship, but the technology is big help for many things, for example the technology is big help for contact with friends or family who lives in other place and the technology help when we want got to other place, and we don't know where is the address so, we can use Google Maps, everything you need, we can find with technology. The technology is a bigger help in the life for example, I have family and other country, and also I have friend and different state, and I miss my friends and my family, and I love to talk with them, but I use technology for communicate, we can talk, and we can see each other, and we are so happy, when is my birthday my family always call me in the morning they call me with face-time and the same with me when is grandmother's birthday I call her, and we feel happy, but the technology is more help and different places, also I use the technology for located to my dad, every day my mom need to pick up to my dad and his work so, we use Google maps, it is a good help. We can see the technology is a great help in the life, use correctly you will have good result, the technology is positive, but no everybody has a mind positive, because If we talk about scientific, doctors, physical etc. Technology is a big help, they find the cure many illnesses, but everything is about use technology, we know many things about history but is also for technology, doctors have different machines for save many lives. Finally, the technology has positive effects in the people's live, is our help, thanks to technology we feel more close persons that live in other country and always be a big help in the life in different area. The people determined how want use the technology. Everybody work with technology for a good reason is because is help in our lives.