We have to work to survive. Employers give us the opportunity to work and to overcome different financial problems. Many high schools have partnerships with companies that help student to know about different jobs and companies. Some companies have internships and shadowing opportunities that helps student to find out their interest. Schools should have partnership with companies because it helps students to get ideas about Work environment, work skills, and jobs requirements partnerships with companies and schools allow student to know what kind of skills need for different jobs. Then students can find out their strong points and select the jobs according to their skills. Students are good on math work on computer programming, web designing, and computer engineering. Students without internships activities take time to select the work that they want to grow up. They suffer to select their jobs. On the other hand, students with internships activities already had begun to grow their occupation. They are heading toward in college as well as their jobs. Work environment is very important. Different people like different work environment. We should select the job that attends our demands. Some people like to work individually while other like to work with group. Internships and shadowing allow student to know about different work environments before select the jobs. Some people may say people adjust themselves with the work environment, but the question is how long time it will take a person to adjust with the environment?. Also, in a recent report says that we accomplish more when we work in a favorable environment. All jobs have some requirements. All the jobs do not have same requirements. Some jobs need experience while other jobs do not need experience. Internships and shadowing opportunities help students to get this information from the employers. With these information student get a chance to prepare themselves. They meet the requirement before their high school graduation. People may say that job requirements can be found out in online, but often we get the wrong information from online. By internships and shadowing we are getting right information directly from the employer without any difficulty. In conclusion, students are getting a lot of information from the companies that have partnerships with the schools. It is a great way for the students to build up their future. These opportunities gave students ideas about jobs they should select. The information help students to be successful in their career life.