I agree with Emerson's statement. I will grow every day, I do best in life. When I wake up most days, I think on my goals. I will reach my dream in my school to grow better at Algebra. I will grow in my school, to improve my English. To set up my plan to become a doctor. I study hard every day. I can do this finish my goals. Furthermore, I work hard. Furthermore, I feel tired most all the time, but that is not my stop sing to leave my school. Furthermore, I will finish as soon is possible I will be satisfied getting my goals done. I disagree we don't have to challenge other people to do better. Some people they are satisfied what they have, for example job, school, and other activities. maybe they still in high school, and they are not ready to go to the next level to go the college. In my case, I want more challenge on me to have a better job, better opportunities, to support my family. Majority of people think, I can't complete my studies or finish my school. I believe on me, I will grow up to see my self in a good job, I will grow in Math, English and History. I believe also some people, are happy what they have in life. Further they will discover new ideas, to put in order to bring on their future plans to move on to the next activity or achievement. People grow even dough, when they have done journey in life to achieve their goals. I saw some students today. They were my classmate in the same school where I'm done too, now present day some of them are lawyers, professors, and doctors. Solutions I agree we should learn new things in life, is important to have wisdom to share. I agree I can get my High School Diploma. I will motivate people to back school to done education. To do progress in life, we do have to find the excited things what should like to do. If we are good in soccer, let's go play soccer. If we like music, we should find the ways how to learn to sing. I agree I'm the solution to get things done one of them my education. I disagree I am no the problem to stop my goals.Finally, with effort one day, I can be a doctor. I know is no going to be easy. I love difficult things on me to get my dream to become three. Satisfied is a word I will decline, I will see my self with my family, friends, and teachers given me my diploma. Furthermore, I respect people, is satisfied with their goals. In my opinion, if we have the opportunity to have a better future. We do have to challenge our soul. To become a such a professional to help our world. We should live in peace, a share the wisdom, and love around the world with people. 