American jazz legend Duke Ellington said, '' A Problem is a change for you to do your best.'' I agree with that stamens because when you have a problem it a chance for you to your best and overcome it. Unfortunately that not the case. Mostly in sports you are driven to do your best when losing. But adults tend not to do there best when facing a problem. You should be always motivated to do your best. If you play any sports you know that when you are losing you are motivated to do your best. No mater how many points you are losing by you try your best to make that come back and win the game. If you don't win that game you at least know that you tried your best. If you were to give up you would have wondered if you tried would I have won. This not the only example, for example you boss is about to fire you and try you best to keep that job. There are many more examples you can try to be your best.Sometimes adults have to face problem, and they don't know what to do or how to face that problem, they think there nothing they can do. They give up form the start they don't try there best when facing that problem. They simply give up. Furthermore, they miss out on that chance. For example, My dad got fired from his job, he was depressed and did not care at all about anything. He did not try his best. He simply gave up. But you should never give up always give it your best no matter what. Form trying your best you don't lose anything you only gain something. You can't follow you dreams without trying you best, does not matter what you want to be. You will face problems no matter what path you take. For example Bill Gates he did not become one of the most successful people by doing nothing. He gave it his best. So why should you not give it your best. No matter who you are, you should take the words of Duke Ellington and try you best when facing a problem. Does not matter if you are playing sports or having an issue at work. Or trying to achieve you dreams. Never fail to give it your best, or you will regret it.  