I think that people can success without having the consists of failure without loss of enthusiasm. There's a other way to success without failing, one of them is to practice. A way is sometime you can get it on your first time without have to fail. Then you can just study other's failure and not make them same mistake, or success and try to do the same. These are a other way to success without having to fail, and they are maybe more ways also. So Winston Churchill isn't wrong, there's still other success without failure. First you can practice, practices makes you better that thing to want to success with. It is like you can't success to be the best soccer player if you don't practice. So instead of taking the test or what ever if you practice, you might not fail, you'll be ready for it or good to do it. If you want to success in a sport, you can success by practicing you can build mussel memory that can help you in many ways. If you want to success on a test you can practice on practices tests, that can help you out. That one of the ways you can success without failure.Also, you can success by getting it are on you first time, there's some time people do will on their first time without having to fail, practices, or study. They are mostly lucky when that happen, and it does happen much, but they still success. Most people like to call this, winging it, some people might success, and some might not but that an other way so still success. It might be the best way success, but might have done it and success for it. Another way people can success, is by watching other's failure and success. When you watch other's failure you can study and try not to make the same mistake as they did. So if you saw some player or some slowed down when they were about score, but they miss or someone blocks them you can say, "they shouldn't have slowed or whatever that would have help them. So when it is your turn you can try to not make the same mistake and success. You don't just have to watch their fail, and can also study their success and try to do the same thing. So by watch others people success and failure, you can copy their success or improve their failure. So Winston isn't wrong you can success form your failure. By look on your mistake and improve them and making you'll self better, at what you have trouble at. Failure without loss of enthusiasm is better than getting so mad about it and might make it easier to success next time. So I don't agree with Churchill's statement, because there is more than just failure to success. There's so much way to success with having to fail. You can practice, study other's failure and success, and sometime success on you first time by winging it. So those are some reason, why I don't agree with Winston Churchill.