Committing to a job at a Young age is bad and good idea, why you may ask? Well at a young age you might have a fantasy and a very huge imagination well at least I did, as a kid this could help because if you commit to a career at young age. When you're older you'll be an expert and know the job by memory. Having to commit to a career at a young age can save you time in the future, when you have graduated you would automatically have an option and know what job you are going to do. This can also be a terrible idea because at that a young age you don't really know what you want as a career, you just go with what ever your parents or the person you look up to does and as you get older you realize you were not really into that career. Your brain also isn't fully developed until you're older it is a proven fact. Having a fantasy and a very great imagination is good because it can motivate you to choose a good career which you would obviously enjoy in the future. May also be a bad idea because when you get older you learn to hate things you enjoyed as a kid, and it would just leave you with a career you can't enjoy as much as you use too. For example when I was a kid I enjoyed to play Football I always thought I would do it until I died. As I got older I began to hate it, because it wasn't really what I wanted to do it was what my dad wanted me to do which I enjoyed because it made him happy. Now I know I want to travel the world and be a Photographer and learned to speak up for myself, and it helped me to communicate with my dad and be straight forward with him there for kids are confused at a young age. Reasons why committing to a career at a young age is a good idea. The more you get older the more you know about the job, so you'll be a wealthy man getting paid good by the time you are twenty-five. There for you wouldn't be worried and freaking out about what career you are going to do after school you would already be prepared mentally and physically. As a kid you enjoy whatever your parents are doing, so you would obviously choose a career to be with your parents and that's a good thing as a kid. It'll make the job easier, funnier and more comfortable." In some societies, students are expected to identify a career by the time they enter high school." Personally I think Choosing a career at a young age is a bad idea, because like I said it is a proven fact that your brain isn't fully developed at a young age. That can be a bad idea to choose a career at a young age because you can choose a career you know nothing about, which means once you learn the job you might not even like it as much as when you first chose it. For example let's say Your father could be working as a construction worker and because he does it you might choose your career to be a construction worker. When kids are young they like what others like its just how society makes you think, as you get older you become wiser and realize that's not what you actually want to do. There for you should not choose a career when you are in high school and just enjoy your school year's once you graduate you'll regret it and wish you had just relaxed but that does not mean you shouldn't plan for upcoming careers you should have more than one option, prepared for after you graduate.  