No! It is not a good idea to graduate in three years instead of traditional four years. People think the actual life of a person starts after the high school, but most of the students wants to graduate early to go collage or start working. Because they want to graduate early, they have only time to complete their requirement courses for early graduation. They do not have the option to take elective courses in high school which make them confuse in collage; what they want to do, they need to take extra classes, and they have no vacation for relaxation. When the student grow, their interest of subject changes because they came out in a real world. They observe from their around, what they want to do and what they want to be but in early graduation they have only choices to complete requirement courses in given time which make them specific and confuse in collage. When they go to collage they have some specific options to choose courses, if they want to do something different from what the choices they have they need to take elective courses in collage which make the study harder than what they have. Because they want to graduate early, they have only time to complete their requirement courses for early graduation. They do not have the option to take elective courses in high school which make them confuse in collage; what they want to do, they need to take extra classes, and they have no vacation for relaxation. If the student did the early graduation and planing to take admission in collage and get admission in course, what they want to persuade. The classes they took in the high school are only for graduation requirement and the study you want to persuade is different from the elective classes, you need to take extra classes in summer or nighttime to complete your graduation credits to complete the course. It is important to do four year high school graduation, in the first year of high school, they understand what they want to do in future and start taking those classes which help them to graduate early from collage. Because they want to graduate early, they have only time to complete their requirement courses for early graduation. They do not have the option to take elective courses in high school which make them confuse in collage; what they want to do, they need to take extra classes, and they have no vacation for relaxation. When the student did the early graduation, and they want to go in collage, and take the admission in a course which the student has no high school credits and the student never took in school. They need to take a extra class in summer break or in the evening time. When you are in collage you need to do some internship in the evening time, if you are study skillful course, so you can understand practically, but you have extra classes in the evening time, It's difficult to do job or internship in the evening time. Collage education is harder but if you have extra classes in the evening and in summer break, you do not have the time took some time off from collage and job and do some vacations. Because they want to graduate early, they have only time to complete their requirement courses for early graduation. They do not have the option to take elective courses in high school which make them confuse in collage; what they want to do, they need to take extra classes, and they have no vacation for relaxation. They have only time to complete their requirement courses for early graduation. Furthermore, they do not have the option to take elective courses in high school which make them confuse in collage; what they want to do, they need to take extra classes, and they have no vacation for relaxation.  