Do you think that the failure is a reason to don't reach the hit? My opinion about the "success" is that no everyone finds the easy way to catch up the hit. I agree with the minister Winston Churchill because failure is not an option to loss our enthusiasm and don't realize our goals. Also, the enthusiasm is a good reason to stay what do you do in your life. Then, we learn of the failure and that cause to make an important decision in our life. Failure is not an option to loss our enthusiasm and don't realize our goals. First, the life is not easy and always will be a fall on the way to the hit. Second, there is people that they don't like to see you and the top, and they try to cause us a fall to don't realize our goals, but also it's a people that help you to catch up our goals. In conclusion, there is no reason to you give up to realize your goals and go up to the hit. The enthusiasm is a good reason to still in what do you want pursuit of success. Initially, the enthusiasm is a motivation in our life to reach the hit that you want in your life. Also, the enthusiasm help you to never give up when you fall down. Then, failure is a bad experience but if we try to be positive person and find another way to be a successful person. In conclusion, the enthusiasms a tool that will help to grow up and find the way to be a successful person in our life. We learn of the failure and that help to grow up to the hit. For example, to failure give to you an experience, and we learn about this experience. Initially, what do we learn about our fall that will help us find out what do we want in our life. Also, we need to decide what do we do, if we give up and loos our enthusiasm or stand up and continues until we reach the hit. Then, failure is not always a bad thing pass in your life sometime we need failures in life to find out our ways to where we want to be. In summary, success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm because the enthusiasm is a good reason to stay in what do you do and never give up when the failure come. Another reason is we learn of the failure and that help to decide in what we want to do in our life. Also, most of the people want to be in the hit and now is only won no to be in the hit also need some failure for learn about the experience that the fall give us. For this reason I agree with Churchill's statement and is our decision to loss the enthusiasm or stay with the same enthusiasm that we have before of the failure. Finally, a successful person is not a person that never have a failure and his life the successful person is one person that have many ferrule and his life but he never lost his enthusiasm on what he wants to be.