Most students enjoy having a long summer vacation, but others prefer it not to be so long. Schools usually do three months for a summer break, but people argue that there should only be a month of summer break. Also have a longer winter break and a week off in the spring and fall. I do not think this is a good idea. Even though, when it is time to come back to school students will have forgotten everything, it is nice to have a long summer break because people go on vacation a lot, students can have an opportunity to work full time, and reduces stress for students. Educators should have a long summer break because people go on vacation a lot to see long distance relatives, or to just spend some quality time with family and have fun. For example, if you live in Virginia it will be a long car ride to make it to Florida or any other place. You will need a long break to plan your trip and have enough time to stay at any place you will go. Other people do not necessarily go on trips to just see family maybe it is a gift or a tradition that families have. Having time is the most important thing when it comes to going on a vacation. Another reason why it is a necessity for students to have a long summer break is because most students will get to work full time and make more money of their own. Most parents like their child to learn how real life is and what struggles you have to got through to get the things you want. Being a teenager will make you want more things it is the age you will start to drive and experience new things. For example, you will get to the age of driving, and you will ask your parents for a car. You will need to earn some money to help your parents out they might give you an estimate amount of how much they can give you, but if that is not enough for you then you need to find a job to get to where you want to be at. If you have a part-time job you will eventually get to where you want to be, but it will take longer that is why having a full time job will be easier to get there. To have a full time job it means summer break needs to be longer. Finally, my last reason why summer should be long for students is because it reduces stress for students. Being in school all year is hard for most students because sometimes is not just school what you have to deal with it can be things going on at home. Having to deal with both is difficult, so it is nice to have a long summer break to get a break from things. For example, if you keep failing tests it might be because you can not manage to study at home. After failing tests, having bad grades, your parents yelling at you for it, pressuring you to do better, and having other things to deal with that will make you have stress. It is important for students to be able to have a long summer break, so they can get their minds off in a lot of things and have less stress. Overall, having a long summer break means people will run out of things to do there should still be a long break because people go on vacations a lot, students can have an opportunity to work full time, and it reduces stress for students. A long summer break means more fun and less stress. Most schools have three months of a break and people are used to having a three-month-long summer break, so there will be a lot of arguments into why change it now. It is best to just keep it the way it has always been. Having long summer breaks also results in a lot of solutions for people. 