School districts shouldn't give the three year instead of four year program. Why? Because students should receive all the education they need to succeed everything they want with completing four years of high school. Most colleges look for students that have completed four years of their high school education, also they don't like when students have free periods unless they have a specific reason of requesting free courses. Students will always have time to do what do they want in life with a four-year-high diploma it doesn't matter if your birthday is late, and you want to graduate with three years because you don't want to graduate at that specific age. Teachers, parents, siblings, they should be the ones telling they're children or young adult that it is important to complete there four years of high school. The process you have to follow to do a three year of high school is more stressful because you have to summer school or evening school where there are not really a lot of teachers to help out with most of the stuff you need help with. When you're in school you have English, history, science, mathematics teachers, you have counselors librarians everyone that can help you with anything you need to finish high school. Most students may graduate early because they have an illness, disease, or something, and they just can't take the pressure of being in school no more. From my point of view parents should always talk to their children about how important education is for them, they can pursue all there dreams if the parent didn't have the opportunity to finish there high school career. Also entering college early wouldn't be so convenient because maybe the student missed something they didn't learn then when they get to college there like my teacher didn't teach me this, or I don't know what that is. The work force accepts a lot of young teenage children that graduate from high school and expect them to have a high school diploma and of course they'll have a high school diploma but they won't know how many years they completed which I believe still shouldn't be accepted. Children think that just because they have a high school diploma they're better than everyone else if you only completed three years you shouldn't feel superior to everyone else. I would feel disappointed in myself for not completing all the four years I needed because I would feel like I didn't complete everything I need to be the most intelligent most outgoing person I am. If you're a child that believes you can't do it and finish high school because it's stressful, of course you can do it I punish myself all the time for saying that. I may not be the smartest person in my family but I'm giving it my all to complete my high school career as an older sister and role model of two younger siblings that I have. Also, if you're a three-year completer you should always take younger siblings in to consideration because they look up to you, and they are going to think that just by completing three years it's OK. To be someone successful in life finish all four years of your high school education schools shouldn't provide three-year programs for students or at the age of eighteen they can drop out they are going to get no job no one will accept them without an education. There is nothing good out in the world without an education or some type of proof that you have completed or have gone to school. In conclusion, to all of these children, teenagers, anyone takes in mind that colleges, jobs, anything will most likely look for a four-year completer because if they see you as a three-year completer they'll take the other person instead of you. Even if you have all the requirements you needed to complete high school you still really didn't finish your career. Schools should stop providing this program and make students complete there four years in high school because it is very important for them to get an education till they are 18, and they are free to make their own decisions if they want to drop or just do three years of high school. And don't be the type of person to just finish high school with three years and do nothing after you have decided to not finish school you just decide to drop out to be home and do nothing for yourself. Be the bigger person and take full responsibility of your education because you only have yourself throughout your journey in high school there will be no friends once it comes down to your senior year in high school. The more you pressure your self to finish high school the more stressful and painful it'll be for yourself because you may not have all the requirements completed, and you have to complete them in summer school that's why parents and teachers mentors anyone should always come in and talk to the child and make them finish what they have left of their high school career nothing is impossible. Do what you can to complete and finish high school with all your four years, and you'll be the hardest working work force person ever or the best and college student that completed all four years and will complete all her college years needed to succeed to accomplish there dreams or whatever they want to do.