Have you had a friend sharing wisdom and experiences with you? You probably had that a million times. Here is the thing though. People just want to learn the experience of you and the others, which isn't a bad thing. It's also important to learn each other's experiences. I think it is important to learn from other people's experiences because you get to understand who they are, you can help the person if they're in a situation, and you can communicate each other. To clarify this, let's dig in deeper. First, I think it's important that you understand who they are because you get to know about their favorite hobbies, the places they like to visit, the pets they have and their dream vacation. Getting to know on whom the person is can give you a good start off to make a bond, or form friendship between you and that person. If you shared your experiences with a person, they might feel interested on what you're talking about. Telling a person on what you like can bring that person's attention deeper. Second, it's important that you help the person if they're in a situation because you can cheer them up if they lost a family member. Helping someone out can make that person feel better and most of all, feel comfortable, and they will think that you're a good person. If you didn't reach out and help somebody, they could start getting into a tougher situation where they might not be able to handle by themselves. They could also feel very lonely or left out, and that is not okay. Third, communicating with others is important because you can text them in Social Media, such as Instagram, Snapchat, and Facebook. You can also go shopping with them. Communicating others bring closer friendship, and keep the bond strong between you, and you're friend. Watching movies and hanging out at each other's house are another examples of communication. They're lots of ways to communicate with your friends and other people, and that is a good thing for friends. Activities are another thing for communicating with other people because sometimes, when people do activities, it provides teamwork. In Conclusion, I think it is important to learn from other people's experiences because you get to understand who they are, you can help the person if they're in a situation, and you can communicate each other. So now that you understand, think about these as you make new friends. Question yourself on how to get a good start to form a bond between you and that person. Try to reach out and help him/her if they need help with something. Make that person feel comfortable by hanging out with them at lunch or at home. They might need good company from you!  