Some people say that aim too high is not for them. This should be because people does not feel ready. Some people would want to aim high, but they do not want to know how it would be the outcome. Although, some people think that aim too high is a waste of time, nevertheless, humans really need to set their aim too high to know if they would achieve their goals because some humans thinks that they are not prepare to aim too high and fail and some humans prefer to aim low and achieve their goals. My first reason is that some humans thinks that they are not prepare to aim too high and fail. For example, if a person aim too high but fail that person would not feel good about him. Sometimes people who fail get depressed. If that is a human who are a persistent person he would be trying more time. Until that person achieve their big goal. Also, that kind of people who are persistent that always keep trying that people one day they achieve all their goals. In addition, the key to have an awesome overcome is to never give up and never stop. My second reason is that some humans prefer to aim low and achieve their goals. People who do this are people that always want the easy thing. These people do not want to effort that much and achieve their goals. However, these people do not know the significance of have something that took a lot of efforts. In addition, some people may say that if they aim low they can achieve more things in the time a person that aim too high. That's not the point, the thing is that every human have to effort to know the significance of never give up. Also, when humans have owned something by their own effort to valuate more what they had achieved. In summary, humans really need to set their aim too high to know if they would achieve their goals. Some humans think that they are not prepare to aim too high and fail, and some humans prefer to aim low and achieve their goals. Also, on these latest years humans has been lazier than doesn't want to effort to do big things and achieve it. Now humans really need to efforts for something. Every human need to aim high and be scared of failing that something normal, but never give up always keep going.  