People should seek guidance for help, because like us are still having trouble in the real world even if we graduate from high school or college, we even still have trouble trying to make our live easy. Having guidance is always helpful and learn something new. Reason to have guidance is to release stress or don't add more stress. In daily hours people get stress out a lot at work and could get out of the control very easy, getting help from another one is good idea, so you know what you're doing and how you doing it. People stress things out, and they don't know about what causing it, that give even more stress and have a chance to get a heart attack and lose motive to do work. Guidance could help us by rethinking our plans or working. While taking a guidance you could learn more things that we didn't know of. Having guidance will also help you keep tack in time and help everything more clean in your work space. It is good idea to have an open mind and have work done easier and fast. Having an open mind can give a good mind set in life and think more a head in time and saving time. Another reason is people have depressing life or have health issuer. Depressing is a big thing that come to life in everyone, and it causes a lot problem the way they're living. Most of the population on earth have depressing in their life, so is a good idea to seek help at all time. People who having that need get some help from guidance right away to tell them what going on in their life, it could help them cure their depressing. It a bad idea to let people guide they own way without any help at all, because trying to teach yourself is hard enough, and try to teach yourself might get even worst because they mind might be wrong and could cause more problem in later runs. People rather do it on their own and not get help because it might give them false inform that they need to learn or think it is a waste of time, but guidance are here to help. Having guidance will always help you, and they always teach you more things. People can still guide on they own way, but it better to get guidance. It is easier and get better in live in the long run. In conclusion, guidance are here to help release stress, learn better, get thought life, cure depressing, saving time, give more open mind it, have work done in time, and make life little easier.