A football manager Gunnar Folksier once said "Praising his players and kids helps them work to the best of their ability". That is a very significant statement because every student have their own set of skills and abilities. Some students are good in sports, math,science, art or music. However, plenty of students are not able to perform to the best of their ability because they have low self-confidence which is mainly caused by the lack of praise and incentive by their parents, teachers or coaches. Praising a student's work is important because it helps build their confidence and motivates them to work harder. Praising a student's work is vital for their productivity because it builds their confidence. Studies show that people with high self-confidence are usually risk-takers, creative,optimistic, hardworking and productive. This shows how important it is for teachers and parents to praise their students. Self-confidence is not something that happens suddenly, it is a process that builds up from a young age. Little praises and incentives from parents and teachers are not only important for the students' performance in school but also when they transform into adults. Additionally, another importance of praising students is the motivation for them to work harder. Students always seem to work harder when they get an incentive or praise. That is because students feel appreciated for their work, and it also makes them feel like they are doing a good job, so they always stay motivated to do better every time. Motivation is vital for everyone because it's as important as an oil is for a car. Motivation is a motor that keeps the students happy and hopeful. Motivated students always work hard and give their best effort. There are some people that think praising students will undermine learning by lowering standards and some believe a true self-esteem and confidence comes from achievement and not from praising. Although it's a fair opinion, it is wrong because students who get praise from teachers and parents always seem to do better academically and in outside-school activities. In conclusion, Praising a student's work is very important because it helps build their confidence and motivates them to work harder and smarter.