I should be selected to visit the ''AD Assets Inc''. The AD Assets Inc, is the most important company of Assets in the United States for the last 35 years. Company that going to select one person to visit and show how they work. Since I was six years old I was secured that the Assets was going to be my job. Learn about business and assets without a person that really know what they are doing is almost impossible. This opportunity is one of the most important things in my life. I need to go to the field trip, since I was six years old I was secured that be in the business world it was my purpose. Try to do business with other people and my friends was my goal. Then I realize that it is mandatory to learn about the assets and management to be a businessman. That's why this opportunity is so important for me. My whole life dreaming and wishing about be in a company and now my dreams comes true.I've been learning a lot by myself about the business and assets my whole life. For example, I'm in a group called ''FBLA'' (Future Business Leaders of America), this group is so important for me. Because I've learned so many things about the assets there, and acquired a lot of knowledge, so important to my future career as a businessman. This new opportunity in ''AD Assets Inc'' let me acquire more information about my future career, prove myself, and increase my knowledge. Improve my knowledge is one of the reason of why I want to go to the company. Because every day I learn something new, and I am very excited to learn new thing in the AD Assents Inc company. Some people argue that these partnerships with companies are useless because the teens do not know what they want; however, this view is mistaken because the best way to teens to know what they want to study is let then explore and see, that's the best way to decide. I've been sure that I should be the one who needs to go to ''AD Assets Inc'' since they make the announcement. Some people want to go to see and discover if they like it, that's why I should be the selected. Because I am completely sure that I want to be in AD Assets Inc after I graduated and completed my high school. I am the most completely student to go and learn about the assets business. Nobody wants to go to this field trip as much as me. Around the years I've dreaming about be part of a company and this opportunity is the first step to it. I should be the selected for this incredible opportunity. If you want to know about me and my knowledge about business you can find me in ''FBLA.com''. There you can find all my scores in competitions and exams about business that I have been doing my whole high school years.  