First impressions works as a normal form to react to a person, the impressions will depend on how scary or funny it is, and how people feel At that moment. Impressions are almost impossible to change, they come instantly, people can not have control of it because first impressions come naturally from the human, the main sends the first impressions when people are impressed, and people are not prepared to the first impressions. It is impossible to change. First reason, impressions come naturally from people, they can not have control of it. For example, when people meet with other people, they automatically have impressions of the new people that they are meeting, do not matter what type of people they are, but the impressions naturally come. Second example, people usually move around the country to live or visit, every new place that they are arriving, the impressions come by itself. Third example, during the school year, the students are exploring more about the classes, they even have been not thinking about it, but they already have impressions what the classes talk about, and the students did not can change those first impressions about the classes. Second reason, the main has an important work on the first impressions, the mind sends the first impressions to you. For example, when people go to shopping to a marked, they are looking and comparing the prices from others marked. People are having impressions about the prices and their minds are working sending them impressions and also information from the other marked's prices. Second example, people who work on hospital, they are constantly seeing people with cancer, their minds are prepared to make impressions and send them without any difficulty. The type of impression depends how their minds are prepared to react on that situation. Third example, people who come to the U.S. from other country normally they are having new impressions, their minds are having a big change. The mind is who make the biggest work to give the first impressions and adapt to the new type of live. Third reason, people are not prepared to the first impressions that they have during they are discovering new things, it comes by itself. For example, when people go to the cinema to see the new movie about the world, they do not have any idea about what is waiting for them, they just infer that the movie is about the world, but stating the movie they start to have impressions. The impressions come without notice them. Second example, when people got 18 years old, they are not prepared to do everything by himself, they start to have impressions on how hard if the life outside with more responsibilities and without their parents. Impressions always surprise people because they never prepare for it. Third example, people who are starting new job, they are learning how to do it. They are having impressions how the job is, they were not prepared for those impressions that they are having during they are learning the new job. In conclusion, first impressions are almost impossible to change, because first impressions are naturally from the people, it comes instantly as result of a new thing that people learn. And mind has an important work on the first impressions, the mind is who send the first impressions to the person. Also, people are not prepared to the first impressions, it comes as a surprise. People just explore new things and impressions come as a result.