"Your character will be what you yourself choose to make it." Therefore, in my opinion character traits can be chosen, but it must show as true self that represent you. Why, let me tell you; every on has their own unique traits even the traits they get from their parent. Lastly animal spirit do show has traits that represent as our character traits. Although, I do disagree with character traits with influences us that help improve our trait that can help us set right path. Everyone has their own unique traits. Some people have traits like kindness, honesty,caring, and more. Undoubtedly that some character traits can't be chosen but sometime character traits chose you as your character traits. For example my character traits is pretty weird: kind honesty, helpful,caring, little crazy and lastly trickery like the fox. Same with parents has their own unique character traits;however, parents' character traits can be passed down to children base on their character traits and if they are worthy of the carry their parent's traits. For example, It reminds me the time when I am all dressed up and got my hair done after that I look in a mirror; I notice that I look familiar at the time I realized that I look like mom. As poof that I do have my mom's gene meaning I have her physical look. As I explain even character trait and be passed down or chose to have own character traits. Next, everyone has their own spirit animal that is represented your character traits. For example if the person has the character trait which is playful, love water, caring,and fun-loving as poof of this person character traits show their spirit animal is dolphin. Therefore, anyone can choose their character trait that is the best suit for them. It is unique for people and important having spirit animal and character traits to help them balance it out and chose what character trait that best represent him or her. Which allow the person to identify what spirit animal is and identify which character trait the animal is. For insist, White tiger know for protecting their pup like any mother would do as the same trait as our mom has show. Choosing character trait could be tricky for everyone, but it is important to be wise which character trait is best for you. You can choose which character traits, sometime it can lead to having great friend or loving family. But their will be a price to pay like if you are kind then someone will take avenge of you in order to trick or frame you. My opinion is to be strong and persist or sass, but your pick add them long with your chosen character trait. Character traits can be blessing in disguise and curse. As you see closing your own character trait is better than someone influences you; it only causes problem and change you then your real self. Although, I explain my reason:everyone has their own unique trait, animal, lastly the price of choosing character trait. Therefore I always said "Character trait can be beautiful but a curse in disguise". Anyway not a problem. That I truly believe that everyone has the right to chose their own character traits then having someone influences them to have the same character trait as them then having your own traits.