Students have enough hours of school already! I strongly disagree about the school board adding more hours to school every day. I'm not telling you this just because I'm a student, I'm telling you this because It doesn't just affect me, It affects other students in many ways too! This could bring students awful behaviors, because they get tired of being in the same place for a long period of time. This could bring students grades down too, because students do not work the same when they are tired. If they added more hours to school, students wouldn't have time to do their homework or to study for quizzes and tests. This idea of adding hours to school does not just affect students, it brings problems to the teachers and the school. Teachers have families and some of them have children of their own, this wouldn't let teachers go home and pass time with their family. Another problem I see in this It's that some students have appointments, Just like me ! Sometimes I have to go to my orthodontist, and my appointments are always in the morning, I have to go there every month. I always miss two or three classes, and when I get there I have A bunch of work that I missed! If they didn't add those hours to school I could ask my orthodontist to do my appointments in the afternoon. Sometimes students get sick, and if they miss one day of school they would have to do more work than the usual. This affects the school in many ways too! The school would have to pay more, because they would have to give the students more food than the usual. They would have to waste more money in paper, bathroom supplies, and they would have to give the student a new agenda with more bathroom passes in it. The school would have to manage more conflicts and fights between the students. If they added one and a half hours to school they would create more car crashes and accidents in the roads, because the students would get out of school at the same time that elementary school students do, and then there would be a lot of school buses. Students wake up pretty early, at least that's what I do. If the school added more hours they would get more than tired, the student wouldn't even learn the lessons or the teacher wouldn't even teach the lessons right. As you can see I listed many ways that adding hours to school affects students, teachers and the school. I think the school board should rethink this new idea they came up with. I think that they should hear other students points of view. I think I'm not the only student that thinks that this is not a good idea because it affects everyone. And some other students think different from others. In conclusion, I think that the school board shouldn't add more hours of school because of the different consequences it gives to the students, teachers and the school. And it not just gets the students tired, but they wouldn't learn the subjects like they normally do in class. Teachers are affected by this decision too, because they get more tired, and they get mad at students easier. This could create big conflicts between people in school, and it could bring the school more problems than the usual, like more fights, and they would have to give students more breaks. So please School board, rethink this idea you came up with and hear other peoples points of view!!!.  