Some people want to be the best example in life; however, not all of them can be. Even the most famous and intelligent people that we can know is not the best example to follow because if we go and investigate their life they also have done things wrong. Everyone makes mistakes and is alright in this world. I disagree with what Albert Schweitzer said. In fact my personal conduct is not the best way to act for other people to follow me because it is difficult being a good example and is better if we influence them differently. To begin it is difficult being a good example. Everybody does good things in their life; however, there are some days when we do not feel good and by accident or because we want to do it, so we do things not right. For example: I do not like when my aunts talk to their daughters about me. My aunts explain to them that I am a good example in my family because I have two jobs and I go to school and in my free time I prefer to stay with them at home than going out with friends that they do not know. I know the things they say are corrects, but I told them do not use me as an example because now I am like that, but if tomorrow I decide to quit school, or I do other things is not going to be the best example they are waiting for. Some might say that it is easier having jobs and going to school and being a good example in your family because there are many people who do the same, but I know in reality is very difficult mostly if you are helping your family too. Next is better if we influence them differently. Not by being their examples but being as a guide to follow. For example: I have an aunt who had her first kid at her 14 years old. Now she is 30 years old, and she does not have more babies just the first one. She tells to my cousins and I that it was the worse experience that she has not for her child but for her husband. She remembers everything that she lived at that age and how she had to deal when she can not have her baby because she was young and her body was not completely develop. Later for her surprise she had to work and maintain her child and her husband because he did not work or do anything. Now she cries when she tells us her stories, but my aunt says that she wants the best for us, and she does not want it to happen to us. My aunt says that she is not the best example in our family because she did not abbey my grandparents, but she has learned many good things in life base in her experiences. Some people may say that they are the best examples for their children even if they do things not right in the past, but I believe that we learn from those mistakes but still we are not the best example because we already did bad things. In conclusion being an example of our own behavior is not the best way to influence people! There are many ways to influence others as you know it is difficult being a good example and is better to influence people differently. There are many occasions where we recognize that we do great jobs in life, and people have to see us like good examples. However,; people can see us like good examples but not to exaggerate because some people think that just because they do something good they are the best. And I know they can think that because every single minute in our life is count it and also challenged, and we do not want to waste our time.