Can failure lead to success? Former British Prime Minister Winston Churchill once said that "success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm." Many people who have dreams and goals would agree. If failure is on the road to success it will give motivation, thought of improvement, and an opportunity to have experience. Failure doesn't always have to be a bad thing. Failure will give people that push of motivation many need. If students fail once then they know they have to get up and keep trying. Are many people just going to give up because they failed one time? Let's say somebody is setting a high goal and fail; if that person sets a high goal they will have to understand failure will come in some part of that; it is a reach to get there. As soon as failure kick's in, so should the motivation. If not then nobody will be able to meet the goal of success they want. For example, student is walking into class and spent the whole night studying for this test. She turns it in and thinks she did well. Turns out that it is the opposite. She has the chance to retake it and is taking the chance. Sometimes expectations don't go the way people would like. That doesn't mean eventually the expectation won't get met. It just means to keep trying. Another reason on why failure can bring success is because it gives thought of improvement. Everyone knows the saying "You learn from your mistakes". That saying is very true. If something goes wrong because the way it was dealt with, will the same mistake happen again? Of course not! People see when the mess-up or fail after it happens and will try to do better. That is improvement, and it's leading you to success. Then we will know where to start and where to fix things. It's a part of succeeding. People who have succeeded can tell others than without at least one fail, they would not of made it to where they are now. Last but not least, it gives you experience. If we didn't fail there would be no experience for the next goal. Having that experience of failure will help. When the goal is met and finally succeeded then there will be an amazing story to tell. Especially because failure was around. Speak on the obstacles that were faced and how to get through without giving up. Having this experience and speaking about it can influence others as well. Maybe some people also have failed, but they want to give up, encourage others that failing doesn't mean you still can't succeed. To conclude, failure can be a big step to success if used the right way. Don't sit there and give up because failing is a way closer to the goal. Use failure as motivation, thought of improvement, and an opportunity to have an experience. In this case, failure is a great thing. 