Well, I feel that working with a group is better than working alone. In my opinion is easier to work with other people, and you can be sociable working like that, there are a lot of benefits and reasons why I prefer more work together than work alone. Let me explain what are my reasons why I prefer work in a group and why I don't like to work alone.First, I prefer work together because it is more easy, and you can finish your work quickly. For example, is you work in group of three, one member can search for the information about the topic, another member can make a poster showing examples about the topic and the last one has to organize how they are going to present and explain the topic. However, if I work alone I have to do all the work by my own, and it can take a lot of time to finish the project. Second of all, Working together is so funny you can talk with your classmates about the topic, and having good discussions. I feel comfortable working in a group and I enjoy working like that, because they share their opinions with you, even you can learn more from your classmates than the information of the topic, it can be strange, but it is true you don't know how much they know about the topic. Sometimes you can't understand the topic, but you have your group and ask questions to them, and they can help you to understand the topic. Third of all, Working in groups can be sociable, you can have a good time knowing new people and make new friends. I think is good be sociable because you can learn new things about them, and you can develop your knowledge getting the new information from your classmates. For example, if you don't know anything about history, and you are in a group, and you ask who knows something about history and someone likes history you can AKS him about it, and you can get new information about history and at the same time you are being sociable. However, if you are working alone, you can't ask anybody because you don't know them. In conclusion, that's are the reasons why I prefer working in a group. Working together can be easy you can share the work with your group, you can have a good time with your classmate talking about the topic, and you can develop your friendship making new friends.