Dear, School Board of Education personally disagree with the idea of adding one and a half hours of school. This is a terrible Idea and here are some reasons why I disagree, so please grab a seat, relax, and take your time to read this. The first reason why there shouldn't be extra school hours is students will have to walk in the dark. The second reason is students will have less time for sports and other after school activities and also less time for family and friends. And finally students will be sick of having school for a such a long period of time and possibly stop going to school.First not everyone is fortunate enough to have a ride to school but that doesn't mean that they can't go to school, so they walk, but if the school board adds more school time students who walk will have to walk in the dark. Walking in the dark could be very dangerous because you don't know what's in front nor what's behind you and that could cause students not to go to school anymore because they will be scared of walking in the dark and feel unsafe. Another example of why it could be dangerous to walk in the dark is if someone is trying to cross the street and a car doesn't see them they'll probably get ran over, and the school won't be responsible for the accident. Something that also is good to keep in mind is that if the school hours get changed and even if you try to avoid students from walking in the dark There's a cost. You'll have to put streetlights and that could be very expensive, and the money could be used for educational purposes. The second reason why extra school hours shouldn't be added is students won't have much time for sports or other after school activities. Sports and school are both important and they both should be equally balanced. So if school gets longer than maybe we'll have less time to see our family and friends. I remember when I did football practice was getting shorter and shorter because winter came, and during that time it was also raining a lot and snowing a lot, so we missed a lot of games and practices, imagine if school was an hour and a half long, there wouldn't even be a football season at all. The last reason why an extra hour and a half of school is a bad idea is because, a lot of students would get really sick of school and stay home or try to get suspended so that they don't have to got to school. We've all been in that situation where we don't want to go to school, so we pretend we're sick, even I get tired of having to go to school every day, in fact I don't really want to be here right now, but I have to. We've all tried to make our parents believe that we're sick, but that's a ancient trick and parents already know it, and make us go to school. If students get more school time they just won't stand it, and they'll start skipping school. But don't worry I won't do that. In conclusion, I think adding an extra hour and a half of school is a horrific idea, it will just cause more problems for the education system, students, parents, and even for our hardworking teachers because they will have a more work and less time for themselves. But I also understand why you would want to add an extra hour of school.