"Getting something by doing something or doing nothing also bring us something"We accomplish more if we are always doing something, because if we do more than what we want or have we will always be growing, every time that we do something no matter what it's we receive something back, many people called ''reward", when we want something, and we work hard to get that, we create a confidence in ourselves's that we now that by doing something we can get what we want, and we motivate ourselves to accomplish that. We get more if we do more, but some people think that by doing nothing you can get something back. Accomplishment is something that you get by working hard, giving your best, and by doing something about it, if we don't do anything we aren't going to accomplish anything or get anything in this life. We accomplish more by doing something, because if we do more than what we want or have we will always be growing more. Like one time I remember that I was in six grade and I really wanted to participate in the math competition that Generic_Name prepare every year, only the fastest student's in math can participate, so Generic_Name tell us that they were math reviews after school to practice for the competition, but I didn't have the opportunity to stay in does reviews, because every day in the after school I had swimming practice and I couldn't skip because my classes were already paid, so I remember that I was sad, and I start thinking that if I really wanted to be in that competition I should do something to be there, I start to wake up two hours early in the morning and I would practice math, and also I will go to the library in lunch to work on math exercises, but that sacrifice was worth it because when Generic_Name make the list for the people that would be able to participate in the competition my name was there. My mom always tell me that no matter how many times you fail in getting something, because the next time that you tried you wouldn't do the same mistake twice and at the end because of your effort and hard work you will accomplish everything that you want to make in your life. That's something I will remember the rest of my life. We get more by doing more, because every single time that we do something, no matter what it's we are going to get something back ''recompense''. When you take your time to do something with patience, will, and gratitude that can benefit other people by not expecting something back, we have that self satisfaction of making someone happy. Like when you see a poor child walking in the streets, looking for food in the trash, because he is hungry, and he doesn't have money to buy some food, or maybe he doesn't have a mom that can feed him, and you know that you can make that kid happy by giving him some food, because you have that feeling of helping him and make him happy once. One time I remember that I went with my mom to work, we went to clean a house of a 79-year-old woman that the only company that she had was her dog, so I remember that I ask my mom if I can come the weekends to her house and join her during the day, and I didn't know that this woman would become someone special for me. She was very sweet, kind, and lovely woman that I have ever meet in my life, she used to call me granddaughter, and I was so happy to get the opportunity to meet her and when the time pass; her son that lives in Generic_City came to country and decide to take her with him and when the moment to say goodbye comes, I was really sad because I would not be able to see her again, but after she left I would always remember the words that she tell me; "I'm living, but don't worry because you would always be in my heart, and I will always have in present every time that you spend with me and make me happy." that day I learn that when you do something no matter what it is you will always receive something back and that something it can change your life forever. We get more by doing something, because if we want something, and we work hard to get what we want, we create a confidence of ourselves, that we know that no matter how hard we have to work to accomplish that, if we put our effort we can get what we want. Like when you are at school, and you have a lot of assignments to do, but you still motivate yourself to complete everything that you have to get done, and you make the effort to continue until you are done, that's when you realize that you have that confidence of knowing that" if you purpose yourself you can do everything ". Confidence is something that is going to help you in every situation that you are in, it would help you when you are struggle ling to take an important decision that maybe it can change your life. I remember when my sister was confused, because she didn't know if she would be able to accomplish the career that she wanted to take in college, and since that day I admire her, because she believes herself, she takes the career and I knew that she knew that confidence help her to continue forward and to accomplish what she already knows that she wanted, but at the same time she was scared of taking the challenge and fail. Sometimes we have to take that fear of failing out of our lives, and bring that confidence that would help us to believed in ourselves's. Getting more by doing something, is better than don't do anything expecting that we are going to get something. By doing something we will always be growing more than what we are, we would always receive something back and that can be the happiness of another person's, and we would have that confidence to believed in ourselves knowing that we can do everything that we want if we work hard for it. It's important for people to know that in this life they can have the opportunity to accomplish everything that they want to improved their life, but also at the same time they have to know that to accomplish something they have to work hard, have confidence, and they get everything they want in this life.