I feel that working with a partner is more beneficial to students. Working with partners gets students extra help when in need. It can make new friends while working on big projects. Also, it makes the work get done easier and quicker when working in big groups. I also personally think that any project with a presentation should be a group project. If that presentation has more than just the presentation it should be a three-person group. Working with a partner is beneficial to students, because it gives extra support or help on a project or classwork. If a project is too big and impossible for one person to complete they could split up the work. For example, when I had a final project in my English class; I separated the work with my partner. We had to do an essay and a PowerPoint presentation. My partner did the essay and did the PowerPoint presentation and we both finished in time. If I hadn't had my partner, I probably would not have finished the project in time. My teacher making it a group project made it way easier to do because I didn't have to worry about writing essay. Another reason that working with partners is beneficial to students is that they can build new friendship while doing work. When students are doing work in groups, they are together the whole class and have to stay in contact outside of school. For example, when I was working on a video for my journalism class I had a very big video that was due in a few days. I made good friends with the people that were in that group because we spent the whole class together and staying in contact after school. Every time I'm making a video I want to work with them because I know they will do a good job. Another way that working in partner benefits students is that it saves them time and makes them finish their work quicker. If the students split up their work and do their work efficiently they will finish quickly. The more group members will make it even quicker. For example, when I was working with a friend and two other students on a project for a book we finished the book very quickly and the book review was finished very quickly as well. When partners are helping each other it makes everything way easier and more fun as well, because you get to hang out with your friends while being productive.Also, if the teacher lets students pick people, they can pick people that know a lot about the topic of the project or classwork. For example, in when I had Spanish we did a project about Puerto Rico and since I'm from Puerto Rico everyone wanted to pick me. I went to a group where a good friend of mine was, and the project was very easy to finish and present. The project was done so quickly that the next class we had free time for the whole class. That's another reason why working in groups is so beneficial and good. Working with partners can also make students more comfortable with the subject or the project. Students sometimes get handed a project or classwork without knowing what to do. Having a partner to help the out is great, so they can get comfortable with the subject or the project. For example, when I was Earth and Space Science I had no idea what to do on a project the teacher was assigning. She assigned partners and my partner told me what to do, and I finally understood. The project took us about two days to finish, but it was a very hard project to do that would have been impossible to finish alone. Groups of at least three people should be required for project of more than 2 assignments. Two people can't do a project with five assignments and should have that extra person to split up the work and no one does extra work. For example, when I was in the sixth grade I had a project where I had to write about Mozart's story and I had to write two paragraphs, buy and design a poster board, and also give a presentation and memorize everything. I did the essay but forgot to do the poster board until the night before. I had to stay up to 12:30 at midnight doing the poster and memorizing the 2 paragraphs. If the teacher had made it a group project, I wouldn't have had to worry about the poster because my group members were on top of it. Another reason that groups of at least three people benefit students is that maybe one of the students doesn't want to do any work there's still another group member left that wants to do the work. For example, my English teacher gave us a presentation to do on PowerPoint, and we split up the slides. But one of the group members didn't do anything, so the other group member and me had to do all of his work. We presented got points and he didn't. That's why it's so important to have groups of at least three people, because you still have a backup. Some people say working alone is beneficial for students because you only have to worry about yourself and no one else. However, if you work with a group or a partner the work gets done quicker and easier. While doing your work you can also make new friends and get help from them. Also, it helps pick out partners for the future that you know that those people will execute and do their work. For example, when I was working on a video for my journalism class I had a very big video that was due in a few days. I made good friends with the people that were in that group because we spent the whole class together and staying in contact after school. Every time I'm making a video I want to work with them because I know they will do a good job and be productive. I feel that working with a partner is more beneficial to students. Working with partners gets students extra help when in need. It can make new friends while working on big projects. Also, it makes the work get done easier and quicker when working in big groups. Bigger projects have to be at least a three-person group because two people can't handle big projects by themselves and should have extra help. That's why it's so beneficial for students to work with partners on projects and other big classwork. 