Hi, my name is Generic_Name, and I am interested in pursuing in Microsoft Engineering. I am experienced with most Microsoft products that they have made throughout my whole life. I am also experienced with Microsoft Software that they have created. I should be elected to work with Microsoft because Iv'e been using Microsoft products throughout my life. For example, I use there gaming console, laptop, tablet, and there desktop. I have experience with Microsoft products and I know how there system works. Iv'e study how they first made the gaming console and I also study how they made the Microsoft tablet/laptop. Iv'e been buying Microsoft products throughout my whole life and that shows that I love there products, and it shows how supporting I am to Microsoft company. I don't just use Microsoft products I also study the products and how the system works. An average person would just buy the project to use, but they care less how the system works. In the other hand I care how the products works because it's interesting. I also fixed broken Microsoft products therefore the only reason I knew how to fix it because I learned about the products and Iv'e studied them. My second reason why I should be elected in Microsoft Engineering is that I am very experienced with Microsoft software and programs. I use Microsoft software on a daily basis because I use there software to work on something or to study them on how the software works. Most people use Microsoft software, For example Microsoft Word. People use word to type an essay or something really important. Most people know how to use Microsoft Word because it's built to be simple, but in my case I know more tools and know more stuff about the program. Iv'e studied most of the tools that Microsoft has to offer in there software and trust me there is a lot of more stuff you can do with Microsoft Word then just type a simple essay. Most people only know the basic tools in word and that proves that they are not interested in the software then just to do a quick essay. I have studied most tools and all Microsoft software's. Iv'e taken classes to learn about these tools and more about Microsoft programs. It taught me a lot of stuff then an average person. The Microsoft Industry most likely want people to know how to use there programs and software's because they are most likely going to make the employee's use the programs. Some people may disagree with me that you don't have to be experienced with Microsoft software's and products because they think in order to get the job they will have to spend money to purchase Microsoft products and there monthly programs. They also may disagree about me having to know more tools and skills about Microsoft software's is a better way to get the job. I will say they are wrong because in reality most jobs would prefer people who are experienced with their product and software because then they don't have to teach a lot of stuff to the new employee. It also shows that they were interested in their product even way before they were interested in the job. Most jobs I will say want people who are experienced in their products because it shows that you enjoy there company, and it shows that you will do great things for the company. Better and skilled people equal faster progress and that's what company's want. I should be elected into Microsoft Engineering because I endure the company and enjoy everything that they have to offer. I am skilled with most of there software and most of Microsoft products. Furthermore, I will do great things for the company and make the company better than ever.  