Hilary Clinton, soccer players, people in the government everyone had failed once in their lifetime. Everyone is not complete. We are humans we make mistakes and we fail. Failure without loss of enthusiasm is the best thing people can do. We gain experience by failing. We learn not to give up and chase our dreams. Furthermore, we learn how to be patient and deal with problems. Furthermore, we never know when is the best time to do something or to get something so be patient. My parent told me that"good things will come to you just be patient"Although, after failing once most of the people lose hope and stop trying. Nevertheless, it is not easy to start over because it gets boring working on same thing over and over and people give up on their dreams. To begin, failing help people to gain more experience. When we do same thing over again it makes our work easier. For example when we fail the test at school, and we have to retake it we already know what mistake we did for the test, so we do not repeat it. This shows that we will try harder when we get the chance to do it again. Clearly we will be successful next time. Furthermore, we learn not to give up when we fail for the first time. Giving up is not the best thing to do after failing. For instance, we can make a whole new plan and ways to do our work. This shows that we are going to be successful next time. For example, when I was 13 I had to take a test in order to get into the high school that I wanted but, the test was hard, and I failed the test I said I will not take it again because it is hard, and I can't do it, but my sister said that I can't give up, and I have to take it again and again and finally I pass the test for the second time. Moreover, it teaches us to be patient. When we fail it is the best thing for us to wait for the good time to start over and to get what we want. Obviously, it will take time to start all over and do everything one by one, but it will help us to learn how to be patient and to deal with problems better than before. Clearly we will get what we want sooner or later after trying hard. Overall, failure is a key to success. We will not get to success if we do not fail once. It is not something to be ashamed of. In conclusion, gaining experience is the gift of failing. We start working hard and not to give up. We learn to be patient and chase our dreams. The best thing we can do is to be happy and joyful even after failing. Everything has its own time so be patient. 