Do we choose our character traits, or is our character formed by influences beyond our control? Some believe people choose their own character traits and who they want to be. Others believe that our character is formed by influence. I think we choose how to make our own character traits, and we choose the attitude we want to give to others. This is important because our character is what represent us and is what makes us responsible for the person we chose to be. First, people have the power of choosing who they want to be and producing their own attitude. For example, characteristic is important because is the quality, or property of us, and it is what makes us committed to keep moving on the person we chose to be and different from others. Furthermore, I believe that people should choose their own character traits even though if they think that is formed by influences beyond their control. Perhaps some people should do the effort to change it because not everyone has a good and nice character. Additionally, a person's personality is the collection of emotional and behavioral traits that characterize them. Personality and attitude is the key to be a role model for others to become a great person and care more about whether we choose wisely our character we're giving to other peoples. People's humility and kindness is priceless. Personality and attitude is what represents us and what makes us noble. For example, people can think that our own character traits is formed by influences, but they still change it and do the effort to be a better person every day. However, not everyone agrees with this position. Some people claim that our character is formed by influences beyond our control. If we do not choose our character traits, and they are formed by influences beyond our control, it might have its disadvantages. For example, one must consider that there are people who have a bad character and end up alone because of their attitude, also their character can bring other people displeasure and make them go away and not get close to you just because they think you will never change your character, but our character will be what we, ourselves choose to make it. In conclusion, I think choosing our character, personality, and attitude is what makes us a humble and noble person to look up. I also think that some people should focus on the attitude they are giving to others and analyze if It's what they would like to receive from someone else and if it brings them displeasure, perhaps it encourages them to change a bad character for a good personality and attitude. 