There are people who believe that true self-esteem comes from praising the student's work and others believe that true self-esteem comes from achievement. There are situations where a student should feel that his real hard work is considered good by praising his work. There are some students that feel that their work was good, because of their achievements. There are some types of students:Students that make themselves feel especial when their work is appreciatedStudents that feel that their work was hard by achievementsStudents that even if they do not try their best, want their work to be praised in order to learnStudents the feel themselves in a position to learn when they do not give their best effort, and it is praisedThere are many students that deserve their work to be praised to build self-esteem, because they have really tried their best in order to get their work done, but there are many students who do not deserve their work to be praised, especially if they have not tried their best on their work. Those students who try their best on their work, they deserve their work to be praised, so that they can notice that the real hard work that they have done is appreciated. It would make them keep their hard work. There are some people that truly believe that true self-esteem comes from achievements. It makes a lot of sense, because achievements come from real hard work. If any student achieved what they wanted, it MCAS that they had worked hard for it. If people want to build true self-esteem through achievements it is a great idea that they have that on mind, because it would make them feel especial if they achieve it through hard work. There are many circumstances where it depends on the type of people and situation where you want to build self-esteem. For instance, there are certain type of people that even if you praised their work will not keep it to build self-esteem. There are certain type of people that will. There are people that learn by achievements in order to build self-esteem. In conclusion, I think that true self-esteem comes from both, achievements and praising. There are people who build self-esteem through the hard work that has been praised, but also achievements. There are many type of people that build self-esteem trough achievements, but also praising.  