Could Impressions Change In this prompt statement I sometimes disagree impressions can change time after time, but some people need help of how to control it, or they may not know how to express themselves in front of people some impressions change by you trying to say something, a person maybe happy one day and the next day mad, or the person may not like you. Impressions could change in many ways we as citizens, have so many expressions of how we should confront others. Some popularity of the United States don't like people because of their impressions, but some citizens hate it when they have the same impressions too. Even though people have problems of how their impressions work also they say that citizens may need help of how to control their: sadness, anger,happiness, and fear when they give impressions to others. Teachers in schools say they have problems with kids attitudes this year of how they approach others, and of how they approach their teachers too. We as citizens can't help of how we express, give impressions, and how to put our emotions out their even, so you can't trust your parents, friends relatives for help nor the teachers the government can't help us or the president. People can change their impressions;in so many ways of thinking they can: ask for help, ask for advice, and talk with someone about it. Impressions can be held in different ways of being they can be held by trying to go for something at the store, eating ice cream, talking with someone close. Parents think that their kids or others won't change their impressions towards others even though they think that there can be a possibility that can happen you can try and approach your kids by sitting down with them, giving them time to help them, trying to understand them. Impression can change in many ways, but it's not impossible to make that change sometimes impressions can be helped by others some people in the U.S. have problems trying to say good impressions about how they feel, wanting to confront a person, but others just might dislike that person they might also have hate in them, but they might not. Into today's economy people are the same of their impressions, some citizens have the problem of dealing with those impressions, although they have the same emotions but also the same expressions. Everyone has a different background, so they may have different impressions of everybody around them. Impressions can be changed nothing, is impossible to do unless you give in the effort to do it or not try to have confidence of whom to trust let impressions change or not nothing is impossible to do unless you put your mind into it.  