People almost always credit their success by having a good attitude because they treat people the way they want to get treated, it makes other people happy, and it makes the happier. Having a good attitude to another person makes that same person give you that same attitude back, and to other people. They spread good vibes, and it makes them feel happier. Giving a complement to someone every day can lead them to doing the same thing. Having a good attitude can lead to having good karma so next someone says "nice shoes" to a random person. That someone will get treated with good karma like passing their test the next day. Having a good attitude to people at school can lead to having more friends, and getting treated better. By treating the teacher with respect, and kindness. It can make the teacher do you same thing back. Good attitude is the key to success, and every famous person you see on TV always has a good attitude. Maybe that's why there successful and famous all that hard work they put into their job. When someone has a good attitude it's most likely their happy, or everyone they talked with was happy. But sometimes there's a sad person and to make their day or cheer them up a complement can help. By saying their outfit looks good, or their hair cut looks better than last time. It can cause them to feel better and do the same thing back to someone else that's having a bad day. There's also people that have good attitudes to make them selves feel better It's like leaving church you fell happier. But coming to church its just feels good. Having a bad attitude can effect other peoples' mood it can make them happy or sad. Having a good attitude makes more people happier and feel calm. Attitude effects almost all the day and other peoples day including your family and pets. If your mad all day it's because someone was mad to you or just got effected by it from someone eyes. It's just better to have a good attitude all day than being mad all day and causing other people to be mad instead of being happy. Being happy in the worst times in your life is a good thing and can change your feelings somehow. I would rather have a good day in a bad day than have a bad day. If half of the world had a good attitude next thing you now the whole world has a good attitude. But people don't like doing that they rather be mean to other people and that's why the whole world is violent and wars start and people die Because people don't have good attitudes. Good attitude effects a lot of people like in music and in movies sometimes it's good, and sometimes it's bad. People that are famous and have bad attitudes are really common they get mad at their fans, but the fans is the only reason why their famous and rich. Rich people are usually the sad ones and the poor are usually the happier ones because they have better attitudes. Good attitudes effect a lot and so do bad ones that's why hears all types of people in the world. Good ones and bad ones the ones with good attitude and the ones with bad attitude. Good attitudes effect friends and family and that's why people should always have good attitudes. One time I was testing, and I had a good attitude but when I saw my score I had a bad attitude for the rest of the day. And the same things happens when my parents are mad at each other it gives me a bad attitude for the rest of the day in school and in soccer. But when someone is nice to me or gives me a complement I feel better about myself and it changes my attitude. Sometimes having a good attitude in the worst times is bad like having a good attitude in a funeral or at a sad movie. But sometimes it's best to be happy and have a good attitude to spread good energy to other people and family. It's sometimes good to have a bad attitude, so people can know your sad and be happier near you to cheer you up. Being nice and having a good attitudes can really change someone's day so try it and complement people, so they will do the same thing back. I usually have a good attitude even when I have a awful headache or am sick because having a bad attitude is not fun. And it makes other people have bad days or feel bad so that's why I always have a Good attitude. To other people and my family, so they will all have a good attitude and that's why having a bad attitude is bad because it causes bad thing, and we don't need that we need to be nice and help other people. That's why people are so mean and don't care. And that's why problems start and people get mad and that's why you should have a good attitude every day to make other people happier.  