Changing the cafeteria food for students would be like taking a bone away from a dog. One of the reasons why changing the school lunch would be a bad idea is because, students that attend the school would not be happy with the change. When students are unhappy with changes of the schools sometimes parents can get involved and that brings a bad reputation for the school board. One day I was watching a show, and they were making school changes without the students or parents consent, and it turned into a big thing. Students were so angry the went on a "strike" and refused to go to school. Another reason why taking away students favorite food would be a bad idea is because students would stop eating at school. For example, when I went to a family dinner they made meat loaf and I absolutely hated it, I couldn't bring myself to finish it and I felt awful but I had to throw it away. Another example is also similar to my last one but, one day my friends and I went to a buffet and they didn't have a lot of options to choose from, we ended up getting these wings, and it was just awful we could not eat it all. When people see things they do not like then they most likely will not eat it or even try it out. Lastly, changing the cafeteria food would leave students with fewer options to choose from. It would be unfair for those who don't like what they are serving, and they would have nothing else to eat. Look at it like this, It's like when you go out to your favorite shopping store, and they have taken out all the clothes you loved so much about that store, and they replaced it with clothes you hate. You would be very unsatisfied if that would've happen to you. That's what students would feel if the school lunch were to change. Some people say that changing to a healthier school lunch would be a lot better for students; Although, this is a good point, it's wrong because it misses the fact that some students would be unhappy with this decision. These are some reasons on why changing the menu would be a bad idea for the school.  