A wise man once said ''the usage of technology has had an impact on humans contact for centuries''. The usage of technology has had a positive impact with human contact because people can see what others are doing for fun, and it can result in finding people that are from other countries to become your friend. Sense technology has improved throughout the 20th centuries people argue that technology has caused limitations on human contact, but that is far from being right. People have been brought closer thanks to the invention of the internet, and it wouldn't have happened if technology wasn't improved. The internet has opened a whole new world of opportunities and awesome people to meet. People can laugh at a funny mem together and create groups where their you can talk about what ever you want. People can even ask others if they would like to be friends with you. Having the internet, people become more confident in being their true self. People can see how much fun a family is having, and it can persuade them to go and try the place and experience the fun for themselves. With technology people have learned how to do things by watching videos of someone else doing it or by calling a friend. Video games have also has let to people having to talk on the mic and being able to communicate with each other. People can also build their sense of being a leader as they play a game they can ask people to say with each other. Thanks to technology people can have online teachers and people who would do online courses say for instance if you didn't learn a lesson you can go online and find a someone who would explain to you or tell you how to solve a problem. Some may argue, that technology has a negative impact on human contact because it distracts others from the real world. However, people still have human to human contact its just evolving and becoming something different. In conclusion, technology has had a positive impact over these years and I will keep improving and the people will have better ways to have human contact.  