Conserving energy and resources by attending fewer days to school. Adopting a four-day school week and only adding two more hours; each day consisting of nine hours. It will help to reduce the consuming of energy and resources. As we go out every day to complete our duties in the school's building, we consume energy from the skylights and others useful lights, the computers, and laptops. Also, the food students receive in school as a lunch. Plus students frequently purchase gas to come to school; due that some students need to come to their own cars or public buses, because they don't live around the school area. Additionally, students that are currently having a part-time job will be able to work more. In the case of student who are not working in a part-time job would get one more day added to the weekend, and they would be able to spend more time doing family activities or having a good time with friends, and close people. To start with, reducing to consume of energy will help with our planet; energy is produced with some elements and one of them and a very important one is: water. The less energy we use or waist the less will be the effect for our planet. Adopting the four-days school week will make all of us stay at home on Fridays and reduce the energy use from the school when using lights, computers and laptop that need to be charged. Secondly, If students come to school only for four days, the food that they usually obtain on Fridays will be saved and use for the next Monday; that way saving food will start to be a good benefit for conserving resources. Also, some students come to this school but they're living in a different city not closely to school; they purchase gas every week, and they have to spend money, Therefore if they only come for four days a week; they will save gas for the weekends or for the next week of school. That's one of the best ways to conserve cars' energy and resources; due to that gas use petroleum to be produced and other substances and chemicals that come from our planet soil grounds or others areas. Lastly, Students will obtain benefit by adopting this for-days school week as well, because the students that are currently working in a part-time job will obtain the opportunity to work a full day on Fridays, they will be able to increase their revenue. In the case for students that don't have a job, they will have extra time to do homework, projects, and family activities as well. Even thought, they are students with a different point of view, when it comes to adopting a four-day school week. They argue that adding two more hours to the regular school day, will be more exhausted, and they will have fewer hours to work in their part-time jobs. In conclusion, Adopting a four-day school week will help to conserve energy and resources. Firstly: conserving energy light and food and saving gas and money, having extra time for work, friends and most important: Family.