It has been said that a positive attitude is the key to success in life. There are a lot of benefits of having a positive attitude which are health or physical improvements, how to solve a problem, and the power that exists inside you. The benefits of optimism extend beyond stress relief better health, more rewarding relationships and enhanced productivity. People with a positive outlook tend to experience are reduced incidence of depression, lower stress levels and are better able to cope with stress causing events, an increased life span and overall better health. People with a positive outlook on life are also more likely to live healthier lifestyle, and to smoke cigarettes less and drink less alcohol. Attitude is the way that we behave, and we react to the daily activities, consequently a positive attitude may influence our life and it aspects in a deep way such as how we think, socialize, and even how our health is. All these aspects might be affected by a positive attitude. Actually it is proved that successful people have been influenced by the way they see the circumstances in their life. In other words, successful people see those circumstances with a positive attitude, and they see those circumstances as a challenge to beat and not like a punishment to suffer. Therefore, these people will be more likely to fight and have success in their life, rather than the ones who see their life as a punishment. Positive attitude might be the key to all the people who want to fulfill their dreams. If everyone applied these concepts in their lives, they would become happier because they will see that everything including their life, situations, and problems, is under their own control. Even though there are some people who wonder how to get a good positive attitude, is not simple to get it. Almost every single person that has a positive attitude is because they have had a motivation or a feeling that supports their fight to reach their goal or achievement. When you have a positive attitude, you feel that there is a power inside you that motivates you to do something or to get involved with something. These people are most commons to have the best attitudes of this world. Having a positive attitude can lead you to the lighter, braver and stronger way to stand against negative attitude.  