School districts should not allow high school students to graduate in three years instead of the traditional four years. Those programs force the students to take summer or evenings courses, don't allow them to take elective classes, or students might not have the time that they need to be prepared for college. This information can help students to think more about their decisions, and have a successful life. Summer, or evening courses can always be stressful for some students. Sometimes, they will not have time for family activities, or they might not have the opportunity to get involved in sports that they like, which is a good way to spent time with other students. It is also very important to know that students need time to rest, a free time when they can sleep and release the tiredness. The elective courses during the school year should be available for all the student that wish to improve their knowledge. For example, learning other kind of things can encourage students to think about more ideas for their future, and develop new skills on many activities. Taking away the opportunity of students to choose any of elective courses, and forcing them to complete all the hard classes that they need is not a good solution. That will make students to force themselves to do hard work, which can end up in a failing situation. In other words, it's very important for students to be prepared for college. Also, students should have the sufficient time to prepare, and choose the career that they really want. If in case students are not sure about what career they want, four year of High School should be enough time to learn more about carriers. For example, students will have more opportunities to attend college day also, they could go visit, and get information about any college that they are interested on. Being well-prepared is the best key to build a good future NAD accomplish dreams. This decision should be made by the school district to eliminate this programs, and let the students have a comfortable schedule for their everyday activities. Spending more time at home with family, and refreshing their minds it's better than summer courses. Students should know that getting involved in elective classes is more fun, and being well-prepared for college is more important. Even though students know it's going to be a longer way, it would benefit them in the future.  