Decently the author Ralph Waldo wrote, Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow. Based with my experience, I agree with Emerson's statement. Because we can do something else for grow on the future for our family, it is important to think what you will have in one time think for how many things we can have if we work hard. Some peoples are in the street because they do not think on there benefit. Sometimes be had opportunity to grow, but we lose it. But for some reason people do not like when others people want help them because sometimes this not are good intention sometimes one people only want the other person don't grow. But not all persons are the same someone really help other people only who had a lofty heart. On this time nothing is the same the boys and girls only want to go to the street and they're smoking a lot they are never on the home, the Mather and father are very bad, because they don't have idea were their children are. And the children they never grow is they have already mastered, they will never grow. What someone can do with this situation for help the children. If to govern do anything for help those guys we can grow. Because it only they do this they will never grow, the peoples needs helps to grow too, or we need to do this with our self nobody help us all times is for us depend on is we one day change the luck. What we need to do is had a good job if we work hard we can grow more. And in the future maybe are a manager or on the future have a company and grow every day. With the help of Lord he in the only person who know our destination, and we will grow with help and our effort, we can accomplish everything. When we do something productive we are growing. If you want to change your life for something more good, work, help, grow or look for something what can change your life. For example meet a very important job and if you had a good recommendation and if they give for you a job. You had a good job were you will grow more, and you not stay the same. The job can help too much and pay too much money if we are good with the work and do everything how the boss want to everybody does. Whenever, you want to do to grow not do more or want more than other, or you not do anything, not startle do more of the other, the people who want to grow more than other for them are never something benefit or desire what other had that is not good. It's for this the author Ralph Waldo Emerson wrote, ''Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow''. And we can guide other person, to are good employed and not want more the other. Put everything in practice, and you will have a good life. With not problems in your had.  