If in high school should young students be capable of committing to a career. Some adults say that young students should pick a career. Others say that they are not ready to choose and commit to a career. I believe that students should commit to a career at a young age. The age shouldn't determine how committed you can be to a career. Being young shows a lot of both positive and negative benefits. Early experience for these students can benefit future jobs. For example, you take a class for cooking and seek for a job you will have a better chance then those who have no experience. Starting your career with prior knowledge before becoming an adult will make it easier to obtain a job once you graduate high school. Those who choose to wait after high school will have a harder time seeking a job. Your chances for a job are much higher than those without any experience. Making less mistakes because of all the prior knowledge you learned beforehand. For example, you take a class for cooking, and you start learning early how to stop from burning your food. So, when you start cooking at a restaurant you will know how to stop from ruining the food. Starting young will prevent fewer mistakes from happening in your future job. This gives the students a better resume if they know what they are capable of doing and doesn't need to be taught. Having less mistakes during the job will show your bosses that you know what you are doing for them. The students will have some confidence before going into their career. For example, you learn about the kitchen and what everything does so when you go in you won't expect anything new. This will help students have some confidence since they know what to expect going into their career. Before entering a career it's good that students can relax and feel better since they know how everything will go. A boost of confidence is what students need before going into something. On the other hand, people say that having students commit to career in high school is a bad idea. For example, students are constantly changing there mind and changing their interests. Some adults say they are too young to commit to a career because of how uncertain they are when they make decisions. So, they think how can a student choose something for the rest of there life if they can't decide on some of the simplest decisions. Those adults think that students should wait until they are older to make that type of decision. Having students start early come with so many benefits for there future. They get to learn more in advance than the rest. Also, they have better opportunities and better chances with getting there performed career. That many positive outcomes will come out of starting early. So, I believe that students can commit to a career at a young age in high school.  