Nowadays, many students become involved in extracurricular activities to enrich their educational experiences. There is a debate if school should or should not control students involvement in extracurricular activities. Some people think that students should be more involve in extracurricular activities. However, I think that the decision regarding extracurricular involvement should be left to students and their families because students will have too much pressure on their shoulders, students will not have enough time to complete school assignments or study, and students have to work. One reason, why the decision regarding extracurricular involvement should be left to students and their families is that students will have too much pressure on their shoulders. They will be always worrying about school stuff and the fact that they have to spend a lot of time in extracurricular activities. Spending too much time on extracurricular activities can lead students to a depression. They will not get enough rest because of not doing anything else, but extracurricular activities. Students will get tired that they would not want to do anything else. StudentsAnother reason, why the decision regarding extracurricular involvement should be left to students and their families is that students will not have enough time to complete school assignments or study. Students will have little time to study for a test or quiz. Evidently, not having enough time to study can lead students to fail their classes. Students will not turn homework or projects on time. Students deserve to have extra time to study. Final reason, why the decision regarding extracurricular involvement should be left to students and their families is that students have to work. Students work to be independent. Students work to pay for their future education. Students work to help their families financial. Students work to achieve their future goals. They work to not have a miserable life in their future. Work will give them more opportunities in their life. To conclude, for these reasons and so many more is why I think that the decision regarding extracurricular involvement should be left to students and their families. Students will have a lot of pressure, students will have lack of time to study or finish with their homework, and students got a job. Schools should think a little more about student's responsibility and how controlling students involvement extracurricular will impact their life. I know that the education is very important, but student deserve to make their own decisions. 