CURFEWS SAVE Teenagers Generic_NameCurfews are a great way to keep teenagers safe and out of trouble. Teen teenagers who spend too much time on the streets are more likely to get in drugs, curfews will prevent teenagers from spending too much time in the streets. Teenagers offended tend to drive at high speeds at night because the might be drunk, it will prevent then to not get influence by bad people, if this law is approved it will really help keep teenagers safe. To begin with, in streets at night there are lot bad people, teenagers are exposed to a lot of dangers, when they are in the streets at night curfews can prevent this to happen. Teenagers could be kidnapped or raped when they are in the streets at night and some cases they can be forced to do drugs or join gangs, if they don't do these things they might be beaten to death until they do it. Second reason, There are teenagers at night who tempt to drive at high speeds when they are drunk. This should not be allowed because, it can end in car crash, teenagers don't have a lot of experience driving at night. For example, I had a friend who always likes to drive when hi was drunk at thing speeds in the highways at night, One night he had car accident because he was driving drunk and at a high speed he is dead now. Thirdly, curfew can prevent teenagers from doing things that they are not supposed to do. They might be doing drugs or hanging out in the streets with people that are doing drugs or are in gangs, they can be influenced by bad people from the streets to do drugs. Insulation, my cousin who used to do spent a lot of time in the streets with her friends, she and her friends went to jail because they were doing drugs. In conclusion, curfew prevents teenagers from getting in trouble, it may prevent teenagers from getting in drugs, also from getting kill in cars accidents. It will keep them away from bad influences, they will stay away from danger people in the streets, but the most important is that these curfews will keep them safe.