"I want to be a singer!", is what I told everyone, at 8 years old, I wanted to become someday. As I kept getting older, I started exploring more career opportunities that I could achieve someday and my interest started to grow. With high school and the programs and opportunities that they give us, It is tough to choose between the one I want the most. I wouldn't want to risk any of my hard work into a career that I would end up disliking. With that being said it would be a huge honor if I could give me the opportunity to visit and get to know about the work that interest me. While many students at my age have already decided what career they want, I am not sure enough to make a decision yet. However, I know that this program will help me decide what is best for me in the future, by learning the skills and requirements to the career I may be interested in. This program would help me sign up for events, classes or even trips to the road of my success. In fact, even by talking to someone with the career I am interested in would help my knowledge. Also, it would help me narrow down between which career I would most likely succeed in. The dedication there would have to be behind getting to where I belong to with your help, wouldn't be a problem at all. With the skills I have already learned with being in high school, I would already know how to manage my time with my career and real life. Your help wouldn't go to waste but would lead me in the right direction to my future. On the other hand, this career might persuade me to become an artist and not to have given up on that dream I once had. I am pretty sure that if you and of course, myself see an improvement in getting involved with music, and having a huge passion, you could help other dreamers like me in the future. Most importantly, by helping them find the right path for them. Once the choice has been made and there has been improvement with the work I have put in and also being sure with what career I want in my future, I would gain more passion and inspiration. This would help me to push until I have accomplished everything I have worked for. I couldn't of made it without this program though, this company could help me a lot if you give me the chance to show you that it would be guiding me in the right path. With the opportunities you give, that not everyone sees, I may become one the greatest artist in this generation. I am hoping you really consider the motivation I have behind this, to do whatever it takes to explore my options out in this world. With that being said, It would be an honor to have the opportunity to explore the options in my career with your help. By leading me in the right path, and by not doing something I am not sure about and letting that go to waste. I would be able to develop the skills you guide me in and also by keeping me on track. The road this company would lead me in would help me become successful. May you please give me the opportunity to succeed? I would love to have your help by keeping me on track to my future.  