Although it may seem like being active helps us accomplish more is better, but it's actually true that inactivity also serves a purpose to. Three reasons why I think being inactive is that I have time to rest, I can catch up on any t. v shows, or I can hire a butler to do the cleaning around my house. Some people are always being active and have no rest: that's not good because the human body is not used to so much work being done. I think in a certain point of life inactivity will serve a purpose because people will be tired of all the work hey done and will just want to rest. While being inactive there will be time when you can rest. Last year when I worked, I was so tired of the job I had received because I was hot and thirsty out in the sun all day picking up trash. Then one day when I was off, I spent my whole day resting. This served me a purpose because I was able to rest and get my energy back up to work another time. When I was resting I slept up to about 10 hours because I was very exhausted, and gloomy. While I was resting in bed I had time to catch up on bills and any other things that have to do like call in an order for some groceries. Resting this day helped me catch up on everything I needed weekends, when I'm at home and I'm lazy sometimes I call a butler to come to my house and clean everything. There is a show named Jessie, and on this show they have a personal butler named Bertram, and he travels with them also: he cleans up for them, cooks food, and he even has to open doors for them. This helps them because while they are trying to rest he is doing mostly everything they need to do. In my opinion, I think he's doing too much work than he is supposed to because it can be overwhelming. Jessie and her kids are very lazy because they basically make Bertram do everything; that serves a purpose but then not because Bertram will be exhausted all time. When resting at home I have a chance to catch up on t. v shows that I like: like Master Chef, Wild n Out, and also Real Housewives of Atlanta. No one can tell me to not watch it because I am going to be inactive and have a peaceful day when I have time to myself. The reason why I want to catch up on t. v shows is because, most of the time I don't have time because of work, or I'll be caught in a family emergency. Overall, some people might think doing something will make you accomplish something isn't always true. In the world today there are a plenty full of people who are inactive, they sit there and do nothing but have business calls on the phone. I think it would be better for us to work at home and be idle to thank to go to work and be very tired. Though some people may not agree with me it's better to live that way, so you can preserve your energy. Determine never to be idle doesn't always make me accomplishing something; putting my mindset towards that goal helps me reach that goal even if I'm idle.