Have you ever wonder how many enjoyable activities are outside the world? They're thousands of enjoyable activities outside the world. Most people like to spend time with their families outdoors such as going to community parks, state parks, and national parks. Not everyone likes to go outside to spend time with their family, or go to a place to have fun because they don't like to go outside that much, but most of the time you need to go and look around what's around the world. I would prefer someone should go to and spend time with their family, or just to have fun such as going to the zoo, going to Disney or travel to a different state where you live. The first reason, why someone should go and have fun is to go to the zoo. Most zoo's can be a little boring, but you can find a way to have lots of fun. The zoo can bring you lots of fun, and enjoyment such as taking pictures with the animals, giving the animals their food, and touching and giving love to the animals that are in the zoo. For example, at the zoo you can learn some interesting facts about every kind of animal that are you very interest in. Also, giving lots of love to the animals like talking to them or touching them is a way to be relaxed. You can learn new things about animals and the history, and it can be interesting and fun at the same time. In my opinion, the zoo is a great place and a great activity to have fun. The second reason, why someone should go and have fun is to go to like a Disney park. A large of number of people that I have known go to Disney to have fun with their family members. For example, at a Disney park you can go and try different games there, eat some different type of food that you haven't tried yet, and go and take picture of princesses that you really want to meet. For example, if you watch Disney princesses, you can go and meet them in real life, and talk to them. Also, going to Disney and trying games or riding any type of game is going to bring you enjoyment. It will take you the stress that you have, and you will forget everything that you have been going through. In my opinion, Disney is the second-best place to go and have fun by yourself or with the people that is around you. The third reason, why someone should go and have fun is to go and travel to a different state, or country that they have never been to. For example, going to the Bahamas is a great place to go, looking at museums of what had happened in that place. Also, going to the beach in the Bahamas is another way to have fun, the beach is going to relax you in a type of way that you will not imagine. Exploring the world, or trying new things from a different state or country is a type of having fun, You can get to different parks, different beaches, and different restaurants where you can try different type of foods that you haven't even tried and that are the bets. In my opinion, going to different countries, or different states that you have never been is the third reason why it's a great idea to go and have lots of fun. Many people like to have fun in different ways not just being outside. Most people like to spend time alone or with their family members. There are different types of way to have fun at different places not only going to the zoo, going to Disney a park, or going to a place that you have never been or explore what is it like to be in another country. Find a way to have some fun outdoors and all the things that keeps you stress are going get away in a second. Spending time in something that you really love is a great feeling that you will have experience in your life. Have fun with all the people that you love and that is around you because spending time with them and going to parks with them is the best feeling that you ever will ever have. 