Do you want your family members to be healthy? The workplace I choose was the Hospital because I see people doing surgery on people and I would love to do it so I can see there organs that I have never seen before. I would like to list it so I can see the baby's, mental people, elderly people, and other people. I would like to take care of the baby's because I like to take good care of them and I like to go see them each time, and they also cry a lot, but it is really fun. When your parent is sick, and you are a doctor you know what to do right away. Sometimes people are so close to get a heart attack but when you are there you save there life a lot. I like to work at places were I can take to people and I like it to cause when you have other jobs and people barely talk to you, it is boring and at hospital you can go to other people's room and can say how was your day and talk with them and tell them how do they feel. That's why I want to work at the hospital to have fun with them take good care of them they would like me a lot because I used to be a person that looked care of old people and I used to play with a lot and made them to color with me. They also liked to play with me tag but i always' said yes, and they would be so happy, and we only played for a little because they would get tired. I would like to write this to the manager/employee because I would like to be making everyone feel good and not sick anymore. I would like to be in the news saying that I saved lots of people's live and that I was making them have much more life and I would like to be a doctor that people would like to go to and I would want everyone to come to me or make an appointment if they are sick and I can cure it any day I want just with a hint of a tool that can help me. I would like to see the organs because let's say you haven't seen an organ, but you want to see it so bad. If that's why you should always choose to do surgery but sometimes' people faint because they see the blood a lot. Some people would like to see other people's organs.that's' why I would like to become a doctor, but sometimes some people don't want you to touch them sometimes cause they say you don't wash your hand. I would wash my hand's all the time and make them smell my hands, so they can know that I washed them.that's why always wash your hands. That's a good choice because you want to be healthy and always run never stop doing laps outside because you would not be healthy just by staying inside eating all day. I would like to take good care of the people that are super sick because it is nice to be a doctor you walk all around and see lots of people.