If we think about the words that the British Prime Minister Winston Churchill said" success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm." There is a lot of truth is this words well that is what I believe. So how important is the role that failure plays in the process to reach success and don't loss enthusiasm in the process? In my opinion it is very important because it makes us gain experience, improve our skills, and it makes you feel comfortable and happy at the end. Les't think about how you feel when you're staring in the process to reach a new goal that you propose to yourself it could be hard at the beginning, because is your first time in that environment, and maybe you have none experience there, and that could make you to fail sometimes and could be desperate to you. You or people might say," this is not for me," because you already fail a few time, and you think but is just the beginc how it will be the future. That could make you loss enthusiasm, but if you think what happened when you keep going with all this fails you're gaining a lot of experience during that process. For example, when I star to study at Generic_School it was a big change for me staring with the language, because I came from a country of Spanish speakers and here the official language is English, so I remember that in the beginning my English was really poor, and I just knew a few words in English like good morning or the name of some school's supplies, but every time I did something wrong I learn something new from that mistake with make me gain experience in the process of my English learning. Even if sometimes is embarking to say or spell worn a word in front of people you will be learning to do it right with the time. Therefore, we should see the fails as a good opportunities to gain more experience. Most of the time you will notice some changes in yourself while you're reaching some goal, I'm talking about the change on your own skills. That could be maybe improved some skills that you already had before or in the best of the cases developing a new one. Using the last example that I used, when I star to learn English I remember that my speaking was the hardest part for me, because is hard to think a word first in Spanish and then translate that word in to English and also spell that word correct just on your mind. Sometimes I started a sentence, but then I couldn't finish it. That was so embarrassing for me, but with the time that problem has been decreased not all, but now is not like the beginning. Sometimes that happened to me again when I'm doing presentation or when I'm front of we people that I have never met. But I feel that the practice has been helping me to decrease that problem and now is easier for me to speak with somebody in English at school or in my job. Even if you feel bad or embarrassing to fail with the time that will help. You can be improving skills or even discovering new ones while you fail that is part of the whole process of reach success. Maybe for some people the fact of fail is the worst thing that can happened to them in the process to reach success some of them could say," You have to do perfect if you want to reach your goals," but I think that we can not do perfection without failure. Failure is a big and less't say important part of reach success. Have you ever heard the words, " No pain, No gain,"I like that words, because reminds me how good feels when you reach a goal in with you speed a lot of time or maybe hard work? For example, when you have a big test at school, and you have been studying for that test all nights for a week or even more and the day of the test you know all the answers for that test, and you got an A or A+ as a grade that feels so good and comfortable to you. Just because of your hard work you are getting all this good grades that you gain by yourself. That is one of the best sensations that you can ever feel or experiment. Using my example again I can say that all the result of my hard work that I have done helping me to get good gains in my English developing. Not matter how many times you fail the last feeling is best in the world. Because is the result of all your hard work. Sometimes I remember how hard was for me to star school in a different country, but when I see that I'm about to graduate and get my High School diploma it reminds me all the hard work that I have done during this almost 2 years that I have studying here in Generic_School. It could sound bad when you hear the word failure or fail when you're trying to reach a goal, but if you think we should see all the forms that these words have. Success is not all about fail there is more. We have to go deeper into that words. As I said fail is a big and important part in the way to reach a goal. Success is a big process with branches and one of these branches is the failure. But failure give us more than we think. It gives us experience that could prepare us for future problems or future goals, it also prepares or improve your skill and even if you don't have one you could discover one that you didn't notice, and finally, but no less important the comfortable feeling that give you at the end is incredible because remind you all the hard work that you have done. So I think if you don't want to loss enthusiasm during the process of reach success you shouldn't see the word failure as it is you should go deeper in to try to understand the important role that it plays in the pursuit of success. I just mention three reasons here but there could be more than three just don't think that just because you fail is the end of the world instead see how failure could help you to reach that important goal your or success. I hope all the time that I've fail in my English speaking will help me to in the future became in a perfect bilingual speaker having my home language Spanish and my new home language English.  