Disagree with adding one and half hour to school each day because students would get tired, and it would be more things to the students have to know. In our school we have 9 hours of school and if we add it would have 10, and I don't think students want to stay in school for a long time. I get that school is a place where you learn and school gets you a job, and you can get a free scholarship to college without paying but at the same time students need 7 hours maximum, so they would fit all the knowledge and all the subjects in there mind. Teachers want students to learn more because they want student's to have a successful life and learn more, but student's have less time to listen because they want to go home. In our school we have 4 subjects were we have tests and some students fail it because there studying for other classes even though it's not important like for example, elective classes, I get that elective is important to but students, but it's really not important. The important classes are Math, Science and Language arts, and History. The school board is not going to like when students fail there tests when they have 10 hours in school each day. Students should have time when they get home to study, so they can ace there test, Since our school is a Middle school we should have fewer hours, so we can pass 6th,7th and 8th grade without having any difficult in school. Students wouldn't benefit if the time is longer they would not even pay attention to the teacher so I disagree with having one and half hour to school each day. On the other hand, I think I could agree to this because in order to become successful you have to study and work really hard and get enough to time to do your work. I think students would go to college if they had a lot of time and students would understand things better we should have a vote where students decide whether we should have one and a half hour or not so then the school board can see which one got the highest votes, and they would decide if we should have a longer time or regular time. This year a lot of students are getting bad grades because there are so many tests and works they have to do, and it's always done on time so I feel like we should have less time in school so when you get home you have a study time. The school board will like this idea because being in school for us is so much and there is no point for staying 10 hours in school because teachers would get tired and students will get bored. Students have a lot of work they have to do so it's better to stick with 9 hours of school and let student's go home and do there homework and then read and study for the next day of school.