What would happen if older and younger students get paired together? If younger and older students get paired together it would have a good effect on students because they can learn different methods of learning, give advice for what do expect in high school, and learn different ways of managing stress. The first reason why it's a good idea to pair older and younger students together is because they can learn different methods of doing things. Older students can show the younger students there ways of learning. Younger students can ask questions when they don't understand something on their homework, and the older students can show them how to answer the questions and show them their skills. Other thing is that the students can show the younger students shortcuts on any subject they need help with. When the older students show the younger students their ways of learning it will help them when they don't understand something. The second reason why is that the older students can give advice for what do expect in high school. They can tell the younger students how much homework they will have and how hard it is. They can also tell them what classes they might enjoy. Furthermore, they might enjoy theater or cheer. The younger students can tell them what classes they want to try out. Other reason is that they can tell them the skills they should and need to know. It's a good idea to be prepared for high school and the older students can help them with that. Finley the older students can show them how they manage stress. They can give some advice on how they take a test. They can tell them their test strategies. Other thing they can do is show them how to prepare for a test. Older students can show them how they study for a test. And the last reason is the older students can tell them how they manage there time. They might tell them what time they do things and how they sent up their work space. When the students known some ways of managing stress it will help them in high school. Thesis are all the reason why it's a good idea to pair younger and older students together because students can learn different methods of leaning, get advise for what to expect in high school, and show them different ways of managing stress. When older and younger students get paired together it's a different experience that is good to have.  