Michelangelo the artist once said,'' The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low, and achieving mark.'' I agree with Michelangelo statement because we want to aim our goal right, or we will end up missing. However, there can be a better statement to explain this more. When people want to achieve their goal to be someone in life. It's like shooting an arrow to hit the middle, and aiming the goal we want. For example, to aim it at the middle you have to focus, believe, think, be positive, and let go of your arrow to aim your goal. Other people would like a better statement, and also a better example to go with it. There are mostly people that take it serious to aim for their goal to be success. However, there are some others that don't really care and just try to aim for their goal, and ending up missing their shot towards the middle. Another example, is when people want to aim their goal they have to study, work hard, have faith, believe, take risk, be proud, and never giving up. But there's people that miss their one shot towards the middle. Because they are lazy, not prepared, not focus, negative, not giving effort, and not paying attention for what goal their aiming for, so basically they will end up missing their only shot. Third example, does people have to aim their goal just right not to high, and to low. The goal is to aim in the middle, but Michelangelo is right in one part because you only have one arrow to make it TH the middle. It's mostly saying you have one shot to aim for your goal without making any mi skates. I could understand why Michelangelo said '' The greater danger for most of us is among our goal target right in one shot.'' Because there are some people that would have to take some risks. For example, they are not a citizen, or they don't have any papers to work, don't understand English well, they have to leave love ones behind, and get discriminated by their colors. And it makes it more difficult for some people to aim for their goal. For those reasons theirs fewest people's that end up missing their shot. But there are other people's that won't let this get in their way by taking the risk, and some of those risks come worth it at the end. For example, there are some people that get discriminated by how they look and their color, but doesn't mean that they have to give up, and point their arrow the wrong direction to miss their shoot to success. They have to show the others' people that they can make their one shot towards the middle all because they study, work hard, put effort, being prepared, being positive and never giving up. These are my supporting details, and reasons why I agree with Michelangelo the artist statement. However, I don't think that this is statement is the greatest danger for all of us. For sure there's others statement that are more dangerous than this one.