I think that some things that we thought not are true in the history the students they will work is not the best effort. They believe that the source of true is self-esteem is achievement. I take a position on this issue I think that will look in the future. I think that are different peoples some person not look its future only think that the life them treat only of to live but not understood that not is only life. Furthermore, I think that students have reason of thought that is this is an achievement not is easy we have an achievement yes we have an achievement in this life because yes not have an achievement I do know that you thought in my opinion the trues is the point number first in this life because that is really happened the truth is import always me question for me is that yes not have trued all away different. Some things of this paragraph believe o this prompt is that understand that the students they believe that students must be self-confident and that sense have this world power CONFIDENT are two world confident and confidence Confident is feeling or showing that you are sure about your own abilities options and confidence is trust or strong belief in someone or something. I have every confidence in ability to do the job. They have much confident, and they have much order to learn more order is to tell someone to do something in a strong way which does not permit him to refuse and without saying they ordered to learn more learn is to get knowledge a skill they're learning work they thought that are the best. They have achievement something that is done successfully especially through hard work or skill. The act of finishing something successfully the feeling that you get when you have finished something successfully. They in learning by lowering to move someone or something down to make something less in amount or quality. I think that the life have must chance or opportunity of have one better life of enjoy every moment yes have work hard but always enjoy every minute very hour every year with the family is important in this life not all only have that them job always think that have must time and to stop one moment and look this life will look the future. What is a future? An future is at or to a greater distance in time more to a greater degree the board needs time to consider the matter father. I can't remember any father back than 1995 at or to a greater distance in space. However, many people also use father when talking about distances especially in formal conversation only father can be used in other senses we need a father week to finish the project but make your life no have self rich with only profession make your future profession a type of job that needs special training or skill especially one that needs a high level of education and yes have one occupation is always a job or profession always an employment is a work specially when it is done to earn money it's very difficult to find work at the moment. I think that yes has a career like the student the best effort but work I think that I can always but have a career the job or series of jobs that someone has in a particular are of work usually involving more responsibility as time passes I have a friend she had a very distinguished career in medicine she has a profession I do know because is different a profession with career or trade I think that a trade is a hob always but specially one that involves working with your hands and requires special training but now talking of the students I think that not have a job because thought that they not have an experience in a job. I do know that must talk of this only think in the job and the student that the other people thought that they don't have experience and that is experience is to have something happen to you to feel something it was the first time I had ever experienced failure and experienced is having the knowledge or skill that is necessary for something the true this student put in me an expiration because the point important this, but they are the true they have a good point the sincerity the quality of being sincere or honest sincere used about a person really meaning or believing what you say not pretending sincerely in a way that shows what you really feel or think about someone or something. The student's have praising like you say when you are expressing admiration for someone or something I think that they have a precaution always precaution in the job I think precaution is something that you do now in order to avoid danger or problems in the future. We took the precaution of locking our valuables in the things with safe like precautions against fire. The students I think that they thought in implore when you implore someone when the situation is very serious, and you need something very much. They had importance about the job the decision was of great importance to the future of the business they have importance of this job only person not have tolerance but learning other people what is tolerance is like to allow to accept someone or something especially opinions or behavior that you do not agree with or people who are not like you and other word is intolerance the ability to suffer something especially pain difficult conditions the student only working together but self better so that two or more things are mixed with joined. The other people no have compassion they don't are considerable with students I think that they had considerable difficulty in getting the students they have an opinion are work the important is the true they must consider the matter carefully before they make our choice to have something in my opinion I think about someone or something in a particular way. They need considered that not are risk was too great to remember or pay attention to something the like the students is they have respect not are angry for no have experience in the job they are intelligent for no have insecurity is this I like not have insecure not are they have security Like they