Community parks, state parks, and national parks provide a wide variety of interesting activities. Write about an enjoyable way to spend time outdoors. Using specific details and examples, explain why someone might find that activity enjoyable.First, Let say that you don't really see your family that often, You can take them to the park when they come to your house, so you all can spend time together as a family that you don't really see. You can talk to your brothers if you don't see him or her that often you can take him or her to the park ride around with bikes, Maybe go for a run to burn some calories down, so you can stay healthy and in a good shape. And if you have a problem with someone in your family the park is the best way to go and talk it out, Why because you can smell that fresh and clean air from the outside world you have time to think what you really want to do and talk to your self, If you're a religious person that likes talking to god I'm telling you go to the park you can talk to him, you get everything of your head, and you don't think stupid stuffs, Because some people when they are mad, or they are sad they just go on their room and lock them self in their room that's not good because you are not breathing clean air like the outside world and the firs things teenagers do is yeah I am a bad boy I am going to smoke with my friends, I ask you this what benefits do you get from doing that? The park is the best way to go and take your stress out and clear your mind. Second If you're an athletic, and you don't have money to go to the gym, or you don't have time, Don't worry about that I have one way for you to stay healthy and on shape by going to the park look there is so much stuffs you can do at the park you can go for a run, push-ups, curl-ups you can Stretch your body, And the good thing is that you are not breathing that air from the Gym and at the park you are breathing clean and fresh air. The best thing is that it is totally free, and you can take anyone you want to take, and you can see more people there that you don't know you can make more and new friends. Another reason is that If the house you leave in is too small to throw a party, Guess what I have the correct spot for you the park you can play music you can make a big party invite us much as people you want to invite. The good thing is that the park has games for kids to play on and other stuffs, and they even have food you can go buy food they have a little lake where you can go on little boats of four people and see different stuffs. Why would you want to have a party at your house when you don't know If people are going to come and where is going to be crowded and people might want to leave because there is too much people. When you can have the park because a lot of people like the park because they can go for a walk they can spend time with friends and family and there is a lot of space there is a small lake with boats that can carry four people you can have fun and experience the park. Finally going to the park is good for you, I mean I am not going to force you to go to the park, but you should go just one time, and you will see how cool and beautiful it is you can go with your dog, son, or your daughter, Plus sometimes they make a little concert and a lot of people come and dance with different people and different music. And in the summer they make a little fair and let me tell you man It is amazing, You can try different types of food because people come and sell food and It doesn't cost that much you can smell the delicious food. If you don't want to buy a ticket you can just walk around the park and see the different types of foods, and you can go see the ocean and smell the nice wind.