People who value self-reliance define it as the need for each individual to follow his or her own instincts and ideas. I agree, because it gives them more experience to use their brains more, it makes people develop more, and it helps you from being dependent all the time. Using your instincts gives people more experience to use their brains more. Some people don't use their common sense to solve problems, because they're afraid that they're going to make it worse. It's okay to make mistakes. For example, If you're going on a trip with your family, and you find out that there's going to be traffic in the morning, what will you do? Wake up early in the morning before the traffic forms. That's how you use your brain. You think and plan ahead before things go bad. People developing more is great for your brain, because it makes you smarter and brighter. More ideas can be useful if you put your mind into it. For example, if you want your boss to be impressed by you, you need to act and use your instincts to create new ideas. It can help you be successful and more reliable. Instincts help you from being dependent all the time, because you won't be able to be with your friends forever. You have to use your common sense to help you along the way to your adulthood. Having a couple of friends is nice, but you're going to have to act and deal with life yourself. For example, you're in your apartment, and you need to pay a bill for your car. You're going to have to call the bank that you want to pay for that car. Your friend does not need to tell you to pay for the things that you own. Being independent is important in life. In Conclusion:Some say that people who value self-reliance define it as the need for each individual to follow his or her own instincts and ideas, because it gives them more experience to using their brains more, makes people gain more common sense, and it helps you from being around your companions all the time. Counterclaim: Not everyone can use their common sense, because they're not born that way. Sometimes, people don't know how to be independent, or maybe they just don't want to. For example, those who have no sight can not see what they're doing. Those who are deaf, cannot hear the people who are talking.