Why we should be agreed with have a positive attitude is the key to be success in the life?because he does what he sets out to do. When you have a positive attitude you can a good future. If you have positive attitude, and you did something wrong one time, you will try to learn about it, and you will not worry because the next time you will try to emend what you did wrong, and you will try to do better the next time.These is some reason why we need to have a positive attitude. They do what they set out to do. If your proposal is graduate you can do it because you will try to give the best to do it. My proposal was to come to this country and study and study that is what I am doing now, and I say, I want to go to The United States many people say why you go to that country, you are so young, others say why you want to study it is better work and make money, but I don't listen all that wrong thing, and I am in this country, and I am study too. If you have proposed in your life you can have many things that other people say that never can have. When you have a positive attitude, you can have a good future. If some day you have an accident with you car and after the accident, the car doesn't work, and you friend say put the car en the trash, and you say not because did you think the car have a little problem, and you don't want to put it in the trash and some day one friend come to check and say the car a little problem maybe you can pay $50 dollar and the car can be like new if you are no positive maybe you put the car on the trash, that is why it is good be positive in your life because if you are negative never you will live so well. In your life you have to be positive because if you are positive you can have many things, and you can have more friend because some people doesn't like the people who are negative the person who are negative only think on bad thing can hap end or in thing they think that they can't do it. I don't know the negative person can live if only think on wrong thing can happen and that are so wrong because you never can have friend to talk because they think something bad can happen, or they think that is a bad person. When you have a positive attitude, If you do something wrong one time, you will try to learn about it and the next time I will try to amend what I did wrong, and I will try to give my best for doing it better. If I fail this SOL I will try to learn about what I did wrong for the next time I will try to give my best again and put in practice what I learn. If I am doing a work and when I am doing I do something wrong I will try to n and when I have to do it better next time. If you are doing a project, and you forgot write something you will try to learn and next time you will try to don't have any wrong. I am agree with said that positive attitude is the key to success in life because If you have one propose you can do it. Your future can be successful. When you do something wrong in you life you try to learn about it and next time put on practice what you learn, amend what I did wrong and do it better.  