What would happen if the school menu is change? Most of the kid will be upset because the menu have all the delicious food they like. This does not mean this food is healthy. United States is considered the country were more fast food is distributed and consumed, and also where more people die because of their high cholesterol.Nowadays with all the technologies advantages people are doing less exercise and moving less, for example: We use the car to go everywhere, so we walk less ; we do not even need to walk to talk to a person, we can just send them a text ; even to see the weather outside we do not need to stand up, we can just check the weather in our phone; we have got to a point where if we are to lazy to go to the cinema we can just stay home and watch Netflix, Hulu, Disney or any phone app. All this is great but at the same time is making lazy people more lazy and more fat, witch is causing more medical problems; like heart attacks, high cholesterol. In a future if we do not change anything this it will get worse. A way of helping the future kids like the students from this school would be by teaching them that there is more than fast food, that there is also healthy food that can taste awesome and some even better than the unhealthy food, for example: avocado, fruit juice, Cesar salad, fish, etc. That all this types of food can create a balance between eating what your body need to work correctly, and what it wants to eat. One way of showing them other variety of food, is by the school menu. The menu could contain food that the kids have never tasted before, and that could have less fat than a pizza. This way when they get older they will not only look for, hamburgers, Chinese food or chicken wings. They will know there are more options that could help them with their body. And if we do not teach them this habit right now it will be a lot harder to get them in the healthy habit in the future. In my opinion considering being part of the school community and thinking about my future and my classmates think that including a more healthy menu in the school cafeteria would be one of the best ideas for everyone. We do not want to have any medical problems because of the food we eat. Thank you for your attention.