Do you ever feel like giving up just because you failed, and you feel like nothing is going your way ? In this paper I will argue that '' success consist of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasms''Sometimes it's okay to feel upset, mad and frustrated when you think you're trying your best, and it seems like. Nothing it's working out for you. Failure is the way to success and some people seem not okay with it. Most people also don't understand why it has to be like this. However, we don't always get what we want in life and that's a fact. Because that's just the way it is you can't blame yourself for it either. Most of us think that you have to be successful the first time you try something. But sadly that's not how works for some of us, but some are just lucky. I remember a few years back when my Aunt Generic_Name open her second beauty salon. She was quite upset because nothing was going the way she wanted to and how she planned. It wasn't going well she felt like everything was falling apart. She started to lose a lot of costumers the first year she open the salon. But 2 years later she started to promote her beauty salon again. She kept trying till she achieved her goals and now everything going well for her. I think one the things that helped her a lot was her positive attitude towards everything. She also didn't lose her enthusiasm. I think this is a good example of ''success consist of failure''Some of us might not agree that ''Success consist of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.'' I know a few people that don't have this mentality. Just because you weren't successful doesn't mean you're not going to be ''somebody''. Or that you need to stop trying because it's not meant for you. But they are wrong because at the end of the day what matters is what you think you're capable of doing and what you can do. Don't let others people get to you and keep hoping for the better. Another good example is most of the big celebrities that we know now days like Oprah, Ellen DeGeneres and many more where turned down before had disappointments and maybe gave up for a moment. But they never lost their '''enthusiasms'' and they made their dreams come true and pretty much that's how you become successful in life. From time to time you need to start taking those ''Failures'' as a lesson and just keep trying to do better. Because that's how life is. Because you attempt to do something, and it didn't go your way doesn't mean you have to put it aside. We are humans we make mistakes. But you just can't give up easily and losing hope. It's not an option either you just have to keep pushing and like people say ''Fake it till you make it.'' In the future I hope people start realizing that opportunities come and go. There's nothing wrong with failure. I'm pretty sure we all been there before, and it's okay to feel like crap. But it's not okay to stop trying just because one door closes many more can open for you. You can go as far as you want to because you're the only one that can stop you from being successful. 