Thomas Jefferson said its amazing how much is done if we work hard, do we accomplish by doing something or does doing nothing have a purpose? If we're doing something everyday we could accomplish something like if you exercise every day with healthy meals you will be losing weight and burning calories, if we do not do anything and don't take care of your self you'll gain weight, see stretch marks on your body or even get diagnosed by diabetes or even something even more serious like a stroke, heart attack, and organ failure. Everyday people accomplish things for example: work people who work in construction have to work through some harsh conditions when its freezing or when its flaming hot. From my experience of working in construction I was a laborer working for ten hours, I as a laborer had to make sediment, mix for placing cinder blocks, carry buckets of water, cinder blocks, fill in the holes with concrete, had no breaks only lunch, set up scaffolds and lift long heavy wooden planks and climb up and set the pallets of cinder blocks and water for the mix, so it doesn't dry. A Japanese manga artist named Akira Oriya, the creator of Dragon Ball and Dr. Slump, even though both stories are fantastic but the one who stuck out the most is Dragon Ball. A young Akira saw a manga tournament who had the best manga it took him a couple tries to win and that lucky day he saw an editor from Tea Animations and told Akira great job from there he got confident and inspired that he could make something happen. Later on he kept making mangas until he made one called dragon boy and one other manga, and he combines both them and created Dragon Ball, he created Roku the main character and gave him the personality of Akira. Aria sold more than nine million copies of Dragon Ball from that money he made a studio call Bird Studio for his animations. Once Dragon Ball got so popular in Japan Tea Animations bought the anime from Aria and made the next Dragon Ball series called Dragon Ball Z. Dragon Ball has been around 32 years since it released in the U.S. and it's still going and getting more popular. This year on January 14 the new Dragon Ball Super Brolly came out in the U.S. and made one hundred million in the box office, one of the most famous anime and one of the best-selling anime movies of all time.  