People say working in groups is better than working alone, but that's their opinion even though it helps others more than it helps other individuals. I still know working alone is better because all my life I've been working alone since sixth grade. I wasn't really the person to just jump in and meet others or ask for help when I needed them. Every person has to go through many difficult times looking for a group but, Their just too shy or too nervous to say a word to other people, I would know because I was in the same problem. It can be hard but, the reward is so worth it. People say working alone has no distractions, finishing faster than others, or learning things on our own. Other individual's say that having no distractions can help them work without stopping but, sometimes there are many difficult situations where we can't do much to work while being distracted, maybe being in quiet place may help. Finishing our work can easily be done without a group, like in our jobs, an office, or even at school. Not everyone has a group to be in except for people that know each other, They have many people that wish to be in a group like them. Back then when I was a little boy, I didn't know English, so it was harder for me to understand teachers, or even students till I met two other kids that spoke the same language as me. I was happy to actually find two people that speak the same language as me but, that didn't last long because I never got to see them again. Till then I worked alone, avoiding others, sticking close to myself, even studying alone without anybody. My mother or father couldn't help me as much. That made things worse for me. That's how I learned to do things all on my own without help. In a quiet place, We're able to finish other assignment's from our jobs or school work. Teachers and students love to be in a quiet place because it helps them concentrate more than being in a group. In conclusion working alone is better than working in groups. Next time try working on alone, in a quiet room. 