Having good attitude can be helpful by, helping others when they have a hard time in something, and when you and I are going through tough times, you can also have a good attitude a good mindset on what you're doing. A way of having a good attitude is by seeing things n the bright side of things, even though it's bad. Another reason why having a good attitude is important, is because people appreciate when someone gives them a good feeling either their sad or mad. Another reason why It's important to have a good attitude is because you get things done properly, for an example, when you have to do a project due in two days you take your time and don't rush, you do things with a good attitude. If not your project will be at the end a mess, and you're going to be frustrated. Having a good altitude is important because, you can help other when they're going through tough times, for an example, who my mom was sick, and she was dealing with Asia, we had to take her to the ER many times. It was sad for me to see her all sick, not only that, but she was pregnant and could'NRT anything because she had acid reflux. So whenever she felt sad and stressed out, I knew I had to support her and have a good attitude. By having a good attitude I had to help her with some household things because she couldn't really do anything. Another reason of having a good attitude is by also having a good mindset, because when you have a good mindset you can go through your tough times early. And when you are stress out about something you have to have a good mindset and a good attitude. For an example when I had to deal with by spine problem because my disk was moved, I had to HAE a good attitude because if I amt her complaining about my pain, it's not going to help me. So if I just relax and take rest and take my medications then I will have a good attitude, because I know that everything will be okay. So this is why having a good attitude is very helpful, because you can help others when they are going through tough times, or whenever you and I are going through tough times, and how it helps you succeed in things.