Although some say extracurricular activities are to enrich educational experiences many say otherwise. Students should definitely be involved in after school activities, whether if it's a sport or club, students will enjoy their time. Extracurricular activities could help a student get into collage. The student should be allowed to be a part of as many after school activities as they choose, they should first discuss with their families. The schools should not have the decision if students are in an activity or not based of if they will have time to do homework or study they should let the student make the decision and here's why. The students should be allowed to be in as many activities as possible, while managing their time. The student will have to add the activity to their schedule, and know they will now be doing this on a daily bass or if not multiple times a week. The students' family will be able to help the student out when in need of it. There will be time for homework and studying, because with a well put together schedule the student will go to school their choice of activity and go home and do their work. The student and their family should be in control of the management of school work and activities the school shouldn't be involved. When you know something works for you do not let anyone get in between what works for and what doesn't work. Students will have many opportunities in high school the extracurricular activities will just bring more and this is how. Opportunities come and go in high school, but when a student is in an after school activity they will lots of opportunities. Collage could be one of those opportunities, collages like to see a student that is or was a part of a club or sport team. Athletes can get full ride scholarships to collage, when they can manage to do their school work and the activities it could help them in the future. A student managing their time can be difficult but with a well put together schedule can help them get to where they want to be. This is why schools shouldn't control student involvement in extracurricular activities, but many have their opinions against this one.Others say that the schools should have control over students and what activities they can do and however many they can do. The school wants the student to be able to have time to study and do homework but by doing that they will take away from the extracurricular activities students are in or want to be in. They say the school should have the power to be able to do this, the student and their families will not really have a say in the final decision. They say the school knows what is right for the student in making the decision on if they should be a part of an after school activity. The school wants the students to be able to do school work outside of school, so they will want to take away from a club or sport, so a student can have time to do the work. The extracurricular activities should be in control of the students and their family, the school should not limit the amount of activities a student can do. The student should be in control in what they want to do if it's a cub or sport, they will have to make time to put this in their schedule and still have time to study and do homework. Doing this can help a student reach goals, and they can enjoy their time while doing it. This is why the student should be in control of the activities they do.  