I would think that some students would stay home, so they can catch up on things they need but some stay so they can get the help they really need. For example if a parent see's his child struggling they could ask their child and be like do you need help or what do you want us to do to help you. I'm pretty sure that some students are going to take this opportunity, and take online classes or get the help they need from a teacher or someone they know who can help them. The real reason that I think they will do it is because they would want to graduate from school, so they can get the diploma and be happy that they did it with the help of a parent. Yes, I do believe that students would benefit with taking classes at home or by online classes with a video conferencing. Student's should be grateful that some schools are giving them the opportunity to take some classes at home or even with a teacher they can video chat with, and they can help them too. If it wasn't for the school who was giving us the privilege do take this opportunity for the help then we wouldn't be passing anything or getting the help we need. For example, if a student goes to the school and tell's them hey I'm having trouble getting this subject I know for sure the teacher are going to give them a choice to pick if they want help or take online classes at home with like a teacher who's helping them. Another reason kids ask for help is because they probably ask at home and sometimes's parent's don't have the time to help them because they are tired from work, or they just tell them to ask someone else, and then they don't get the help they need. For some students its easy for them but for some it isn't easy, so some students can help each other, so they can understand it. For other reason's it's better for kids to try on their own first and then if they still don't get it then they ask for the help or ask the teacher for help at the same time. In conclusion I think it's a good idea that the school can give the benefit for student's to take online classes, so they can get the help they need.  