A problem is something that can make a difference in your life and can also teach you. I was in Walmart one day, then I saw a man with small legs and Generic_Name started make fun of how the man walked, talked, and the man heard him he asked Generic_Name if he wanted to do a biking raise with him, Generic_Name said yes, they did the raise and the man with small legs own. After that Generic_Name never made fun of anyone he saw. A problem is a chance for you to do your best because it can change your life, and it can teach you.First, a problem can change your life. Monday was at Walmart and Generic_Name was telling his story of the past. He said, I used to steal, tell lies, I didn't listen to anyone and I also didn't work. One day, we went on a family vacation, on our way back we got hit by a truck and was the only one who survived in that accident. After that, I wanted to take my life, for I didn't see the reason of living anymore. Six months passed, and nothing was working in my life. Then one day I went to the beach planing to take my own life he said, when I started walking toward the water I saw a man sitting in the sand. He asked me, who are, my name is Generic_Name said, and I started telling the man my story. Then the man said, your life matters the reason why you survived the accident that night is because it wasn't your time yet, your life matters because you are still breathing said the man, that is a gift because there are people out there wishing they don't have machines helping them to breath. These words changed my life, he said, I didn't forget about my family, but I fixed my life for the good. This evidence shows that Generic_Name used to steal, tell lies, didn't work and didn't listen to anyone, his family got into a care accident, and he was the only one that survived, he wanted to take his own life but all that changed when he met a man at the beach who opened his eyes. Clearly, a problem is something that can take your life to the next level. In addition, a problem can teach you. There was this man named Generic_Name, he was a faithful man he helped people in need with what he had, Generic_Name had eleven children, five boys and six girls. All his children were trained to help people in need. One day, something happened, a messenger came to Generic_Name and told him that his house was set one fire, and his children were in there. Everything that Generic_Name owned was destroyed, Generic_Name, who was Generic_Name's wife, was not pleased with what happened. Generic_Name's friends told him to repent maybe he did something bad to his God, but he said he didn't sin against anyone, his wife told him to curse God, and he will die, but Generic_Name didn't. One day Generic_Name got really mad that he shouted at God and when he did that he remembered years ago, Generic_Name promised to give a family some food and kept saying I will give you some food I promised, but Generic_Name will always forget. The whole family died because of Generic_Name. When he remembered this Generic_Name asked forgiveness to God, and he forgave Generic_Name. Everything he had was restored. This evidence shows that Generic_Name lost everything he had, but at last he remembered his mistake and asked for forgiveness. Clearly, we can learn from our problems. In conclusion, a problem can be a chance for you to do your best because it can change your life, and it can teacher to you. If you ever found yourself in a situation like Generic_Name's remember your life matters and don't forget the promises you give to people because it can destroy your life.  