Some people believe that glorifying a student's work might help them build self-steem, even when they have not put a lot of effort into it. They believe that students should be confident in themselves in, so they can learn. Others believe that glorifying a student's work that does not have a lot of effort into it lowers their levels of learning. They believe that in order to build self-steem they must complete achievements. I believe that students do not need others to praise their work, even when they did not put enough effort into it. It would make students think that what they did is perfect and that they do not need to work more on it or to do some more effort to achieve what they want. Although some people might not agree. They would think that it is a good thing to glorify students work only to make them feel confident. However, I firmly believe that students should put effort on what they do and that they do not need other people to praise their work only to make the feel confident with themselves. One reason I believe students do not need to be praised on their work is because it would only make them rely on what they have and not work to achieve more results. They will not do more of what they are capable of. In addition, they will not put more effort on what they need to do. They do not need others to praise their work only to make them feel confident with themselves. Finally, students will always need others to tell them what they did is amazing to raise their self-steem. This matters because there are people who still believe that praising a student's work will help them to be self-confident. Second reason I believe that students do not need to other people to glorify their work is because it would make them think that everything they do is correct. Students will think that they are not capable of doing more than what they believe they can do. For example, they will always check their work with others only to feel confident with what they did. In addition, I think it is best to tell students that they need to be confident with themselves instead of praising their work. Finally, students do not need others to praise their work in order to be self-confident. This is important because people have to tell students that they need to be self-confident, even when what they did has not their best effort. Third reason I believe that achievement is the key to build self-steem is because only achieving what we want we can feel confident with ourselves. I think that to build self-steem we must put a lot of effort to achieve what we have to do. Students need to achieve what they have to do in order to be self-confident. This matters because students should know that they need to work hard and that means to put their best effort, if they want to build self-steem. In conclusion, I believe that people should not praise the students work only to help them build their self-steem. Sometimes they have not put their best effort in their work. They are going to feel that they are always doing exactly what they needed to do, even if is not like that. In order to be self-confident students must do achievements. However, some people will not agree with my opinion, and they will say that it is best to tell students that their work is well done, even when is not only not to make them feel bad or to damage their self-steem.