Conserving Energy and Resources conserve energy and resources, some businesses have adopted a four-day work week, with each day consisting of ten hours. Should your school follow this model by extending the school day two hours? Conserve energy and resources through this model could be a helpfully way for the school. It can be a support form for the community area. Following this model by extending the school day two hours can be method to conserve energy and resources. First, conserve energy and resources through extend the school day two hours, the school can give necessary resources for whom need those resources in the community. For example, in the community close to the school live some families with not many resources. They do not have money for pay the energy or buy needs as water or food. The only way that they can have resources as energy is through a big building as a school in the community. In other words, if the school follow this model by extending the school day two hours can conserve energy and resources and give to the community as a need. Thus, through follow the model by extending the school day two hours, the school can give necessary resources for whom need it in the community. Second, conserve energy and resources through the model by extending the school day two hours can be helpfully for the school in emergency situations. For example, at Generic_City occurred a strong earthquake at the beginning of this year. Generic_School was one of the school which adopted and follows the model to conserve energy and resources, as a result they were supported in their necessities in this disaster. In other words, by extending the school day two hours and conserve energy and resources, they were supported with this conserved energy and resources in this emergency situation. Thus, conserving energy and resources following the model by extending the school day two hours can be a helpfully way for emergency school situations. Conversely, some people may claim that follow this model by extending the school day two hours would not conserve energy and resources because the school will still consume this energy and resources with these two more hours. However, it can be true, but to retake my point, following this model by extending the school day two hours would conserve energy and resources. It could be helpful for community needs and emergency situations in the school area. This conserve energy and resources could be a way to support the school and the community. Therefore, adopting the model by extending the school day two hours can be a helpfully method to support the school area and the community. In conclusion, to conserve energy and resources, some businesses adopted a four-day work week, each day consisting of ten hours. The school could follow this model by extending the school day two hours because it can be a helpfully way to support the school area in emergency situations. It can be a form to give necessary resources for whom need it in the community. In other hands, some people may argue that follow this model by extending the school day two hours would not be a conserve form for energy and resources because the school will still consume this energy and resources. However, following this model, by extending the school two hours would conserve energy and resources for school area and community. Thus, following this model, by extending the school day two hours will be a helpfully way to support emergencies situations in the school area and support community needs.