A POSITIVE ATTITUDE IS THE KEY INLINE positive attitude is the key to success in life? Attitude is a behavior that people has inside them, and is impossible to see it, but by action you can tell. A person may bear without attitude, but parents are one reason to teach their children to have an excellent attitude. A positive attitude is the key to success in life, because it assists to live with different people in world, and gives other a desire to impress someone who have a positive attitude. First, a positive attitude is the key in life because, people love someone who is kind and helpful. Having a better attitude in front of community make people feel pride. For example, school there is different people from different countries, and they have their own behavior. Some student doesn't like to talk to other, and It gives them a hard time to learn new things in life. Without thinking attitude prove what kind of person he or she is. Secondly, a positive attitude is the key to success in life, because it may entice people to see others are important, and being able to help each other. For instance, doctors they have an opportunity to keep a person alive. They do all of that because of their adorable attitude; and care a lot about another people's life. Small thing can make a difference in the world. Nevertheless, some people say a positive attitude is not the key to success in life. They argue that thus born with positive attitude, but they start to change themselves later. The point has merit, because not all people have positive attitude success in life, some of them are struggle. However, positive attitude benefits people to receive a lot of knowledge, and become more successful. Therefore, positive attitude can give a person chances, to make connection with different people. To conclude, positive attitude carry the mean of being a human. Because you can't say you're a good person with negative attitude. It's necessary to have a quality attitude, that may persuade others to change theirs. Lastly, a guest person who have positive attitude can live anywhere he or she goes. The lesson, if you see your attitude people are not happy with try to modify it.  