Positive attitude is the key to success in life.Although you have not Positive attitude the key to become success. Neverthiess I agree to everyone have a positive attitude, because positive attitude indicator of courage, honor,and personality of a person. So everyone mast have a Positive attitude in their life to become success. Having a Positive attitude is cause and effective on people's life, that they can attain and progress in their life. Person who have a positive attitude he/she is Courage, and they can do their work without needs of anyone. For example Generic_Name, at first he doesn't have anything after he pass through the hard life, he tried a lot with his positive attitude, and now he originates all his success in life. nowadays he become a Courage man in the world. He makes a lot of good facilitation in his life and on people life that he support them. And he is the best political man and his life is like Royal. So he is very success in life with his positive attitude. So when a person is Honor. Then everybody like that person, because of their positive attitude. For example if a person always in life have a good opinion or speculation, they can received their biggest achievement in life. Also they can make their own business, or they can work in a place that they like it. e. g Teachers they are trying for their success and high progress in their life. And they use a lot of positive attitude in daily day to understanding the student how to became success in life. Then they try a lot to make the best new generation with a positive attitude, that they helpful for country and for their future life. People that they have a good personality, they make their personality by a good attitude, and they are a lovely person in society. For example in school one of the student have a good personality, and he or she is very suitable or talented in every subject. And they use their best positive attitude in front of everyone. And they look a good person on Principal, Teachers,Friends, and her or his Families. So by having a positive attitude they become a successful person in their life. Then he or she received a lot of achievement by hardworking. As a result that I get in my life is, the best way to become success and become the best person in life, is having a positive attitude in everywhere, like Home, Job,School etc...and the positive attitude shows the personality and the civility or politeness of people. And having a positive attitude in effectful on everybody's life. And by having a positive attitude and hardworking we can get our wishes to come sure, and we are also become a successful person in every step of our life.  