Imagine an old proverb said honestly was the best policy. What would you if someone used honesty in a bad was would you disagree or agree? I would agree because some acts of honesty can really mean a lot to someone. An old proverb says honesty is the best policy because it is the key of telling the truth, and it can also create new friend ships in life. I would agree that honesty is the best policy, but if you miss treat honesty it can be very lethal to your trust with people. To lose someone's honesty is very hard I have seen car crash which someone got severely hurt and the person who crash into him won the court battle because he was not showing honesty. My father has told me honesty is a great part in peoples life. My father has told me stories were his friends have seen people get robed, and their honesty has helped find who did it and convict the criminal. Even just a bit of honesty can help anyone. But when you use honesty you should never use it in a way that might hurt someone's feelings. I once was playing a game and the opposing team was not being very honest which hurt some of the kids feeling's on my team. But a persons' honesty can always change at all times. I once had a friend who was never honest but changed throughout his life and started to realize why honest is so important. I even have made new friend ships in life just from being honest. As we can see you might be able to get something from being honest. If you are always honest people respect you. I have been in instances ware honesty has created respect for me. When you show some form of honesty it creates a good environment around you which can make good relationship you. But when people use honesty to hurt your feelings by not being honest it makes you feel like you just have been hit by a train, or it feels like you have been betrayed. Once I was walking down my street and saw that there were lots of police cars outside one my neighbors houses. I heard that she got robed a couple of months ago and found a witness that saw who the thief was because the witness was honest with the police it helped find who did the crime. As I can see honesty is the best policy. In conclusion, no matter the incident that happened you always should be honest. Even in the future your actions can be justified from your honesty. Honesty is the best policy because it impacts you to do the right thing and creates a good environment. When being honest it shows that you have a high self steam which is can be very good for you in the long run.  