Examples are what makes a readers/audiences be able to get attracted with what the reason the writer is talking about. Since I have used examples in many things in my life, I personally think that they could help you with a topic that other people are trying to talk about. And since the question is basically asking if "examples are good to influences people that are trying to do something or does examples are useless and are not really helpful at all?" I said that Examples are good to influence other people. And here are the reasons why it is a good influential if you are striving for a long-term goal. Not many reasons are able to support what you are trying to basically explain or prove. What made me think of this is because if you put a reason that isn't strong enough to even support what you are saying, then basically a reason isn't strong enough if you are trying to influence someone. Like for example, if the topic says that anyone can become famous and the reason is "work hard and never give up." that really isn't strong enough to influences someone that actually wants to become that type of guy. But if you put a real life example like "this person name Generic_Name that was a low-class, lives in a 1-bedroom apartment, and makes not a lot of money. And he heard that he can become a rich person. So he was working hard, and he saved up on investment. And somehow he actually became the person that he wanted to be." that is an example that could be used if you are trying to persuade someone. Examples can be kept as like a precious thing for people. Why this is also important is because if you actually let say achieve something that you wanted to accomplish for such a long time. You can always remember that thing that made you kept pushing forward, and to never let down what you wanted to do for such a long time. Like for example, a person named Generic_Name made his dream become a reality; which it was to become an architect that works under a famous person. And when he had to make a speech, he remembered a woman who was going through exactly the same thing he was going through. And he said that her life will be something he is going to cherish forever because her background is what made him become who he is now. Which everyone can look at for being influenced by this person right here. Examples can actually change many peoples lives because of what they say or just their background. What made me choose this reason? Well it was because for the past 16 years of my life, I have always seen many people change their lifestyle because of what people are saying to change them. Like for example, when I was in 8th grade, I had a science teacher that was really nice to everyone and respected them as if we were like his child. And all the students asked him "why did you decide to become a science teacher?" And his response was "I became a science teacher because I like teaching about sciences and the life of our society. And because of a man that I was inspired by. And everyone knows who this guy is? His name is Bill Nye The Science Guy. The reason why I choose him was because during my time when I was in collage, he was the only person that I knew that actually did science. And I wanted to watch his show. And I was amazed by all the chemicals, types of rocks, everything that has to do with science. And since that happened, I have enjoyed being a science teacher for 10 years." And this speech shows that people will not be able to reach their goal unless you have a motivational quote, speech, or background of a famous person. While I do think that Examples are good to influence other people that are trying to reach their goal, I still kind of personally think that there are examples that don't really help/influence people. Why I think of that is because people don't find examples of influential that aren't interesting or appealing to them at all because it doesn't suit them. Like for example, there was a kid who wanted a game that could make him play it all the time. And he saw a commercial about a game that is coming out next week, and he was getting surprised at first, but when he saw an interview about the game, he wasn't really amazed anymore because what the game director talked about wasn't influencing other people at all. So there are some examples that really can't influence them. But most of the time, there are so many examples that are out there in the world that actually changed peoples lives, and their mind about something. 