Most of the time, the students don't get the help they need by the school. The reason for this is that some teachers don't really care about whether the students are learning or not, but about their money. Also, some students get bullied by other students and there is no one who could defend them. This happens in a many schools, such as schools in Mexico, United States, Central America, etc. So, in my opinion, attending classes at home is a great option for the students. Classes online, well known as "homeschooling", is a method in which students can do the assignment of their classes at home in their computer. This idea emerged because there are many conflicts that school has to deal with, for example discrimination, and violence and between the students. So, thanks to the advances of technology, the school can provide their services at home. Is a great method, but not as going to the school, sit in your chair and learn. This method has its advantages, but also its disadvantages. One of the advantages attending classes online is that is more comfortable and secure for the students. For example, the rate for shooting will be reduced, and the students will not suffer any discrimination against other students. Another reason are that it is less stressful because the students would more time to complete any work. Also, it helps the students to better subject. For example, students can watch videos about any specific subject, observe the procedures, and replay them if they are confused. Also parents can supervise their children and help them if they need, and they would not have to worry about attendances. Classes online are a great benefit for students but they their disadvantages as well. For example there will be no jobs for teachers who really want to teach, share experiences to their students, and help them to improve in their lives. Another example is that students would not communicate with other students and would not know the importance of Team Work. Also, they would not have an experience by doing activities (such as playing sports, instruments, going to filmstrips, etc., )which help them to develop useful skills. Another disadvantage is that schools would not have alternate classes that help them to choose the career they want to. For example construction, cosmetics, arts, music, engineering, technology, etc. In conclusion, attending classes online is a great method, but not as much as going to the school. The school is always going to be a learning center. If the school applies more fair rules, the students would feel more safety and gain a lot of confidence. Also, the school has to have better teachers who really want to help their students and not teachers that only care about their job. Anyway, the school helps us to get right path for our lives, so without it, we would not the education we need to improve in our lives and in the world.  