From my personal experience back in middle school, I had to use technology for many reasons. One of the reasons were for research purposes. I was able to use technology as a tool to provide information on my assignments and projects. So far technology has made a positive effect in my life not only in school but in real life. Technology has helped me accomplish and complete many difficult tasks in life. I believe that technology has made a positive effect on people's lives; consequently, it makes peoples lives a lot easier and convenient. One reason that technology has a positive effect on people is that they are able to study without having to go out on a library and pay for books or a tutor to teach them. For example, people who are disabled or unable to travel out of their houses are able to go online and research for books and look for a site to teach them what they need to learn. The availability to go online and research for information also helps students who are too busy to go outside and ask others for help. Many schools started providing laptops and iPad's to students who are unable to connect online. Schools are using these electronics because they provide an easier way to help student learn and complete work. Technology can also help people do many other things online other than researching for information. Furthermore, technology may also be used as a way to shop whatever and whenever. For example, eBay and Amazon is an online shopping website for many things such as: furniture, clothes, food, and many other reliable things. This has made it a lot easier for people to purchase items that they want at any time. Online shopping helps a lot of people who are looking for items that cannot be found in local stores. For example, much custom equipment's and items can only be found online and in places that may not even be located in your place. Not only does technology may be use as an online tool, it may also use as a way to communicate to others in the world. Lastly, communication has been a major part of the world; in addition, technology has been one of their ways to communicate. For example, our military has improved a lot throughout the years due to the inventions of many technologies. Technologies such as: cellular devices, radar, satellite and many other communicating tools has helped us win wars and accomplish many things around the world. Another reason why technology has had a positive effect on people is that they use it for emergency purposes. For example, if an adult needs to call out of work for the day because of family problems, he may use his cellular device to call and inform his supervisor about it. Many people say that technology is a way to showcase yourself as a lazy person and I disagree with that. I believe that technology allowed many people to accomplish and complete many tasks. Technology is not only important to the civilians who are either students or adults who are working in the industry, but it is also important for the military who are using these tools to provide protection to our country and keep our people safe. In conclusion, technology has had a positive effect on people's lives and that is due to many reasons such as online researching, online shopping, and widespread communication.  