This essay has been written to take in consideration the advantages and disadvantages of a four-day school week with each day considering to be ten hours which for some people it might seem to be a better way to conserve energy and resources. As a student I can say that I agree with this "benefit" but in this case I don't agree with making school two hours longer than usual for some students spending eight hours in school is considered to be enough because people get exhausted by spending most of the day sitting in a classroom. For example: in every classroom there is someone who is always sleeping during class due to the lot of work school leave us to do, people who have work after school, and even sports. These reasons of why people get to be too tired to stay up during class, imagine having to spend two additional hours in school just to have a three-day weekend which might seems good, but it really doesn't. Spending two hours more than usual for four days it just a way to still using energy even though people think they are saving energy, but they really are not doing any better, let's use this as an example: the two hours we are using extra for the four day it still makes up for the eight hours we are losing for the fifth day of class. The extra two hours of Monday-Thursday sum to be eight hours that people still use the energy, which means they aren't really saving energyExample number 1: my friend Generic_Name loves the idea to have a four-day school because this means that he will have an extra day to do homework and to spend time with his girlfriend Generic_Name. For him this new programs works perfectly and is an advantage for him. Example number 2: My boyfriend Generic_Name loves to study, but he does not agree with this new idea because he has sports to do after school for like about 2 hours of training for the basketball team in our school and then after that he works for 4 hours to help his mom with his car insurance which means that he won't get enough to sleep at night because after he gets home from work he has to do homework, so we won't have to turn in it late. Like him there are a lot of more students in the same situation. Who does thing sacrifices to help their parents to make the payments? However, teacher's opinion matter too and they will be tired of speaking ten straight hours too, remember that they aren't robots who are just set up by the government. This means that they might not even agree with this new idea of making school logger for students and teachers. My school should not follow this model because they should think in everybody's benefits including teachers and students plus the staff of every department in the school's main office to make a fair decision for everyone in school. We don't know if this new adaptation will work in the schooling system which we don't have guarantee of this idea working well for us as a community. Considering that this program is working for some business that have adopted this new schedule might not work for us as a High School because here we have different activities that the people in business companies doesn't have, which make us a different environment than the business. 