I think we can't compare between businesses and school because these two themes are different in how they work. To fallow this model of conserve energy and resources we have to know the reason to adopt if this model can benefit or not the school, following this model the school can confront many problems also can have many benefits, but there are many reasons why the school have to follow this model and why school don't have to follow, First,we will talk about the disadvantages, extending two hours to the school days will be weary for the students, students will going to be tired in the classroom and that's not benefit the students, if having eight hours in a regular week students feel tired, so adding two hours to the class days will be disastrous to the students. Students, teachers would be affect by these changes the reason why it can be affect is that they will not have time to pass with their families or things that they need to do after school. Many students from school work to help their families or because they are living alone, and they need to work to provide their personal things, so they will not have time and that's will be a reason why they can leave the school. Students from the sports teams, club members will be affect because most of their activities are after school, so if the school adopt the new model that is adding two hours to the regular calendar all they can be affected because of time. Teachers also can be affect because they have personal life they need to grade the students work and in this new calendar they can't do all. People who work in schools will be affected because they will have one day off of their regular week. Parents and Students will not feel comfortable they can be disagreed with this change and this can cause conflict with the school principal and this can bring many other conflicts follow this model can bring many changes where the students can be benefits by this change of the new calendar, also teacher people who work in school can be benefit. One reason can be the four days of school that means the students will have three days off. Students can have more time to do the homework because most students work during the weekend, and they don't have time to do the homework, so they will have an extra day to do all the things that they need to do. Students can learn more and this can be a reason to change the calendar, adding two hours to the schedule will help the students because they will have more time to learn.Also, teachers can be benefit because also they have to evaluate the students, and they have just the weekend to do that and that is short time, so they will have one day to grade and do all that they need to do. All the people are benefit because they have time to pass with their families or do whatever that they need to do, a lot of students work, so they can work in this extra day. In conclusion extending the school days and the four days of school week have many benefits and many disadvantages. As we can see there many things that can benefit the school, but also there are many disadvantages. I think the school have to be stayed with the same calendar, actually the schedule works great, so I think there is no reason why we have to change. 