Do we accomplish more if we are always doing something, or does inactivity also serve a purpose? Students should be active in all the school year even for the entire life. I believe that be active help us to increase our skills and the practice made an expert. In the other hand, others believe that be inactive can result good and help them to don't become tired and old to fast. The people do more accomplish if they are always doing something, students who practice sports can become better they have more resistance, and Moreover, Stay active can help us to be more professional even in a job. Exercise help our body to stay healthy. However not everyone is agreed with this position. Some people believe that stay inactive is more accomplish because doing the same thing can become bored, Doing nothing doesn't help us to progress and be success for the entire life, The students who don't practice any sport or are not involve in any school program have more time to study and rest their main that can result good in their final grade. Forthemore, be active help us to increase our skills and the practice made an expert because if we are always active in what the teacher tell us to do at school, we can increase and be more and faster the next time, that also can help to find a job because every boss want a good worker, and also that give us a good effect because anyone can say good things about us depending on what we have done do far at schools, even outside the school like community service. In addition, students who practice sports can become better because they can have more resistance and their body is healthy, also they can be hard worker in the future because their body is already made to bear that, practice sports at the schools is good because students receive credits for that and a reward if they win, that can give us new experiences and fun time also makes new friends who like to be active like me and others students around the country and around the world. Moreover, sleep good and having the hours to rest help us to be active the next day don't feel tired and sleepy because the students have to wake up early on the morning and gives all what they have at the school, everyone wants to be a good student and pass the tests and everything, also be active to depend in how much energy we have that's way we have to eat on the morning to have energy and be active the all day. Finally, it is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing something because we can get our goals working hard, students making goals to the end of the school year, stay active help to make goals and get what we want to the of the school year, stay active can include be participate en class, colarate in a school proyet, sport team, drama,school announcement and everything that involve school learning, after His School or in the collage, be active helps to go to the collage because we can get a Beta for our work in Hing School. Overall, stay active is more accomplish and help us to the entire life and make us better now and in the future because if we do the things right, we can earn more money when we start to work, stay active not only benefit us also the people around us because they can see us that we never stay in one place that's mean we are not conformist a person or student who want to overcome their self. Students should be given all they have by participating and be active. But be active depend in everyone be active is not by force is how they want to be.