Positive attitude is the key to be successful in life. Most of the time older people or somebody you don't really know they will tell you to give all your effort and think smart. By having a positive attitude people feel more happy and comfortable. For example, when they have a positive attitude people star to give you some advises from the experiences they have been through. In life to have a positive attitude we have to know how to deal with our problems even tho sometimes we might think we can not do it but, there is always a solution and after all that has happened we learn how to have a smart thinking and not giving up. Having a positive attitude makes people have a good communication with others. When having a conversation with another person you can learn more about anything. Sometimes the people who have good skills or positive attitude in their jobs or any other occupations they have the opportunity to earn a higher position in their job. For example, all managers have that position because they have showed that they can have a good attitude with themselves and other people. This gives them the chance to be a successful person in life and help to become as them. Education is also a big influence and how a person can have a good attitude and good values. Life teaches people how to control their emotions and help those who need it. In life to become successful people needs to have a goal and a plan how they are going to accomplish that. I know sometimes we have many problems, and we think it is not possible to have a good attitude but, there is a way how to deal with bad attitude and always have in mind the goal we want to accomplish one day. There is always people who are going to say negative things to others instead of give them advises. Also, many people think they can not do it after they try the first time and did not happen how they expected. People has to keep in mind that not always everything will be easy to get and there will be obstacles in life that will make you feel that you can not get what you want. By thinking and having a positive attitude people can make it become true just do not give until you have reached your goal. In conclusion, in my opinion having a positive attitude can make people become successful in life. Be some educated persons and listen to what others say to them. Many older people or family might not want to see you fail and that is the reason for those who keep a positive attitude, so they will be proud of those who protrude in life. Giving up would never be option for those who really have the desire to accomplish what they want. It is not going to be easy to always have a positive mind but, if the person really wants that then it will give all its effort.