Schools Partnerships with companies schools allow the students to visit the companies? Because many students are interesting about business and other types of jobs that they might want to explore. In some schools the workers of the company come to the school to talk with students about the different opportunities they have in the future. The manager of the company should choose me because I have a good grades, I am interesting about business, and I want to learn more every day about business and I work hard. First, I have a good grades in all of my classes. The teachers talk good things about me with others teachers and my uncles. I pay attention in class I do my homework every day. I missed school when I am sick, or I have an appointment. Furthermore, I stay after school if I need to retake a quiz or if I need to print some papers in the library. Furthermore, I don't use my phone during class because I like to in focus what the teacher says I turn my phone off. Second, I am interesting about business because I want to be manager of companies. I'm always interesting about this career when was 12 years old I said I want to be manager of companies. Now I am 19 I still want to be manager of a company. After High School I want to go to college to study about business and prepare for can find a job about manager of companies. I never stop to make my dream come truth. Finally, I always want to learn more every day about my future job. I like to work hard to show all my knowledge in my projects. I like to explore new things a Discover news ideas about my Future work. If they pay me a check every month need to be for my work I don't like to win money easy. I don't like lazy people I like the people who work hard and developed their job perfect. In conclusion the manage need to chose me because I am a good choose to go visit, explore and learn more things about my future job. In my opinion the manager need to chose me because I have a good grades, I am interesting about business, and I like and want to learn more about business and I work hard.  