The first impression that is impossible to change, is surprise. Because in the life always we learn something new, for example, when I start in the first job and don't know anything, I need to learn the things that, I need to do right. One example, when I work in the kitchen, so I need to learn the ingredients, the plate name and how to make. After that I can start. Then, I want to change the work, because I tired of the chefs, fire,bad manager or bad pay, and I can look for another job. Now I start again, because I take a different job like a Secretary. Now I to learn new things, because I not work with food again, now I start with papers, computers and minister calls. So this is the Surprise, the life change all the time, but we need to have positive attitude and face up to all the bad things that coming. Is the same with the school, sometimes the attitude change, because is impossible that somebody knows all the information about one class or two. We have different impressions impossible to change. Because some people hate some class, for example math, but some liked. Normally I hate this class, because is just number, equations,square rules. I disagree with this class, but I know that in the future I need. But all we have different positions, because some people love the numbers and others love another class for example, I like History why. The reason is that I like learn new things that I don't know, is very interesting. But, I agree with one thing, all the class are very important for my life, because in the future I can take any job because I know different things for different carriers and I can help to other people in any class. We are agreed in one thing. Wherever we're going always the school is very important in our life. I know that we can disagree in different things, but I think that is impossible to change the scary impression why, because always we scary to fail but, I agree that we can fight for change the future and achieve everything that we want.