Graduating early should be a good idea because students are abut to accomplish it early, students may have goals in life they want to active, and they might have other responsibilities to take care off. Some people said that graduating early is a good idea because students can relive some stress, but some students say that is not a good idea because students may miss the best year of their life. So thinking about it, should you graduate early or not. First of graduating early is a good idea because of the responsibility a student have outside of school. Students may have work or some issue that are not school base things. For example my friend had a kid. She graduated early last year, now she's able to go to college or go to work force while taking care of her kid. Some student may have sport team outside the school that may help them to be professional player. For example soccer players can go professional without going to college. Beach FC or anyone soccer club out there may help those players become a pro. Seconly. Students may want to accomplish it early as possible. Students may want to graduate early because the want a time off school before going to college. Students may be sick of going to school because of how many leisure are there every day. For example my friend graduate early last year because he wanted to get it done early. He wanted to step back for a bit before going to college. Going to school is stressful enough for students, Exams, Sol, Text, etc. Students use this heated to have a years off school before going to college or going straight to work force, Thirdly. Students may have goals in their life that they wanted to accomplish early after school. Students may have a sport team that are able to help they turn into a pro. Or a gaming team to turn them a pro. Students have a lot of goals in there life also. Graduating early may help them to get a head start so they won't be falling behind with people. I read a story once that a guy that graduated early. He became a professional soccer player on are 17 or 18. He is an incredible player, One of the best in the world. If a student could graduate early; the students can accomplish things that they couldn't after high school. If a student can graduate, they can focus on other responsibilities outside of school. If I can graduate early, I can accomplish my goals earlier than others. Graduating early can be a good idea. For example student may graduate early because of their responsibilities outside of school, students may have goals in life that they want to accomplish first, or a student just wanted a time off school. You have a chose. Take it or leave it.