Do you think students in high school, should commit a career at a young age? I think students should wait until there last year or second to last year of high school, to think about getting a career. Students in high school should focus more on school rather than a career. But they can think about what they want to do after high school. Do you think by the time students enter high school, They are expected to identify a career? I think that students who are about to enter high school. Should focus on school and then getting out of high school. High school is not a joke it matters. You have to pass your classes in order to go to the next grade. If you fail some classes you repeat those classes again the next year or have to go to summer school. You don't want to go to summer school. I wouldn't want to have to go to summer school just because I didn't pass the first time. When kids enter high school, should they think about a career? I think they should take electives that relate to a career. Like fun electives they can take during the school year. I think that high school is getting us prepared for the real world kinda. Because once we leave high school we are on our own. None is going to help you besides your family and friends. That's why I suggest getting a job, so you can take care of yourself. I think students thinking about a career, before going to high school. Should focus on school because high school isn't a joke. Of Course high school has drama, but we have to deal with, and it's not that hard. I think kids could brainstorm about getting a career at a young age. High school isn't easy we all have our problems we have to deal with. But high school is temporary just like pain is temporary when you're dealing with depression. High school in general sucks sometimes because of the drama and high school girls. The teachers aren't like middle school and elementary school teachers. The teachers in high school aren't gonna hold your hand. So that's why you have to work and not slack off in high school because it'll come back to bite you.  