The most persuasive, efficient way to influence others takes someone to set a good example of their behavior. Those examples set an image in people's minds of how they want to see themselves in an ideal state. Moreover, every single human being on this Earth has a certain vibe or energy they give off due to their actions and thinking that people perceive or take in to judge that person. When people see that someone else has an energy or vibe he/she likes or agrees with, he/she will tend to gravitate towards it. Setting a good example is the best way to influence others because people want to know what is morally right or wrong, to see change and improvement, and to take on similar motives. The first reason why setting a good example is the best way to influence others is people want to know what is morally right or wrong. Martin Luther King Jr. is demonstrated as a great example of influencing others about what is right and wrong by leading a protest that many African Americans were involved in. Martin Luther King Jr. gave a famous speech called "I Have A Dream" which radiated strong energy that gave African Americans the strength and pride to protest the whites' racist segregation laws. The great example set by Martin Luther King Jr. displayed that he was a capable and high-thinking individual that African Americans gravitated towards. Due to the fact that African Americans were influenced by Martin Luther King Jr., they were able to understand what their rights as a human being were and how wrong the whites' segregation laws was. The second reason why setting a good example is the best way to influence others is people want to see change and improvement within themselves. A personal trainer could be a figure for some people as they are persistent and passionate at what they do. This can lead people to being motivated at the gym and encouraged to become more fit and healthy. Also, It sets a positive message in their mind saying they have what it takes to get to the point of where their personal trainer is. Having the personal trainer as a figure to gain motivation from led to a person seeing improvement and change in their body and mindset. The final reason why setting a good example is the best way to influence others is people desire to take on similar motives. At an early stage of development as a child, they tend to look up to their parents or popular figures in awe as they gain inspiration to become a certain profession. A child may have seen an astronaut on television and became inspired to become one when he/she grows up. This inspiration may have led this upcoming astronaut to take astronomy and other space-related classes. Then an amateur astronaut is born because the astronaut on TV decades ago set a good example on how interesting tasks an astronaut has to do which led to the inspiration. In conclusion, people better themselves due to influence. Influencing others to know what is morally right or wrong, to see change and improvement, and to take on similar motives are all based on good examples that are set. The examples set must give off something that interests the other person to be able to connect with the person. Also, that person must retain an energy and vibe that coincides with the other person for that person to be influenced. This is indeed the best way on influencing individuals.