I agree with Churchill' statement about the important role that failure plays in the pursuit of success, because the way to become to the success is not going to be easy. All the people that try to have a good success they going to have failure on the way and sometimes they fall apart, but they never have to lose their enthusiasm, because the success consists in fall apart and wake up again, and keep going looking for a good success that going to be great for their life and their family going to be haughty of them. I agree because, the life going to put many impediments to have a good success we have to keep going do not have to lose AUR enthusiasm, for example. My family came of a poor family, but I have an angle that he never lost his enthusiasm of has a good success, so he worked too hard for it. One failure that he has on his way to the success was the poorness, but he keeps going wrestle ring for get not of the poorness and help his father and mother, one day he found a job and begin to make money and his first thing that he made was to buy a bed for him, then he to begin to save money to come to this country, now he has a lot of money in his bank account because he put his own company of landscaping, but he never lost his enthusiasm about his success. I agree with this statement, because there is a lot of example of how the people have many failures, and they keep going never loss their enthusiasm of their success, one of this example is of one soccer player his name is Cristiano Ronaldo. He is a famous soccer player, but to have a great success he had many failure one of these failure was that his father died when hi was a kid it was hard for him even has to see a psychologist and he to overcome that, he keeps going looking for his success, but he failure again because the people and couch's that saw him, don't believe him they say like he doesn't have future, but he keeps work in his success and show to all the people that don't believe him that they are wrong. Because he has a future and he gonna has a great success, now he is the best soccer player in the world for many people, but he always worked so hard to get out of the failure and he to obtain a good success. I agree with Mister Churchill, because the way for a great success is going to be long and we going to have many figure to obtain this, for example. I am trying to graduate from high school, but one of failure was that it is not easy for me, because this is a new language for me, and it is difficult to talk, but I'm keeping going trying to get my diploma, another failure is that I have to work for pay may rent and buy my own stuff, shoes, clothes, and food, it makes more difficult to have my success, but I know that success consists on fall apart and wake up, but I never lost my enthusiasm of to be graduate from high school. One day I going to say that my success wasn't easy, but I obtain a good success. In Conclusion I agree with "Churchill's statement about success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm". I agree with him because on the way to a great success we going to have many failures, but we don'thave to loss our enthusiasm, because in the world there is a lot of people that they never lost their enthusiasm, even when they have a failure they always were up and keep going, now they have a good success, so if we want a great success in our life we have to keep going wrestle ring with all the failure that we going to have. One day we going to say I made it and we going to have a great success.  