In some schools they have a program that pairs older student with younger student. The older student is available to assist the younger student in order to succeed on their goal. "Aww man, I **** hate this, I don't know how to make this spaghetti and meatball sandwich I had the wheat bread, the sauce, manssreala cheese, spaghetti and my meatballs what else in this world am I missing. Did you know that 50% of the population of older student have often failed because of lack of communication and the other half is lack of knowledge? I believed, If older student help the younger kids they will they both will succeed in different things. For example, communicating more helps the older student talk to the younger ones more often. For the younger ones they will understand their conflict and what they need to work on. Learning to communicate more helps the older student talk to the younger ones more often. For the younger ones they will understand their conflict and what they need to work on. I learn my mistake because one of the older student name Generic_Name, help me with a problem involving math and science. Generic_Name love math and would love to help me, there were a lot of steps I need to do it was only five minutes when he was done, but it felt like an eternal. I understand why I was wrong and what I need to do in order to get it right. From my point of view I knew he was having trouble communicating with me because he was studding a lot and made mistakes. We both learn a lesson that nobody is perfect the first time. I love the quote that Leon Missile said at the convention. He said "Nobody Is Perfect The First Time, and remember that everyone has a talent or skill." That means everyone has made a mistake more than once and try to fix it." I remember the time I did a terrible mistake, I was in a chemistry class In Generic_School I was doing in an experiment, I had to put on my safety first. I over did with the salt a little. In a dangerous chemical called La Mute, which means that it is poisonous, so the Becker exploded in to a million pieces and all I saw was fire on my cloth and on the teacher desk. The teacher quickly got the fire extinguisher and put it on me first and then the fire form letting spread more and boy I got my **** kick by my mom and dad so hard that they made me pay for all the damage I created. So my teacher got me an assist to help me with the calculation, so I don't mess up again. Eventually, I pass the class with a B-, I was relief that it was over, and I won't do that chemical bond ever again." Often successes can help both young and older student. Sometimes the older student can make a mistake too and teach the younger student. That it is okay if you made a mistake, but make sure that you don't know something don't leave it blank just try and figure out what missing because the assist won't be there always. Life doesn't work like that, there are thing that we have to figure out on our own. My job is taught you what the problem that your stuck on and me learning how to communicate with others and you're learning your problems, and trying to fix them." I remember when I got my license at the age 21 and yes that means I crash a lot, turning in the wrong direction, and even broken into people yards. Yes, it's really hard driving and I had this final attempt that if I don't pass then I don't ever get my license even when I ancient. So I study hard and where I'm I supposed to go, stop when the light is red, Break when something is moving in the road, read the speed limit, park in a specific position, and most importantly turn on the signal. I had an assist or should I say my friend Generic_Name, was with me and telling me what to do. I thought I was going to crash in to someone's yard again but not this time, I was driving pretty go, actually. So the day had come, and I need to relaxed and not think about failing, and them my family will laugh at me for not passing, and I had to live with my parents all the time just because I can't drive. I stared to do go and the instructor showing me where to turn. After a few hours had passed I barely had passed with a C- and that not to go and not to bad. I had my license and my life was going too. To sum it all up, all over the world school have a program called "Two is better than One" it a program that allows older student assist the younger student in order for them to succeed in the conflicts there having trouble on It helps both old and younger students. It helps the older student to communicate more with people and so on and so forth. When the older student learn how to communicate with others they with eventually learn to help or talk to strangers more often. Failure can eventually lead to successes, like my driving license, I fail lots of times, but that never stop me from getting my driving license. From that chemistry class that I almost took the whole school down with me. From that final attempt I learn that no matter how many times you fall there will always be a way to succeed. But there will be time were you need someone assist so they can help you. Did you have a difficult time on something and ask someone to help you or fail at a test and the teacher have you an assist in order for you to pass it again? 