Is it important to express your emotions? Is it good to live a healthy life? The way you move, the way you control your movement is all up to you. Is this activity enjoyable for you? First, this activity has been done by everyone in the world. Which is dancing, everybody at least dances once in their lives. As we speak some people take this activity to the next level. Performing at competitions or shows people pay to watch. This activity is not only enjoyable but educational for those who seek interest in dancing. There are so many things you can learn forming dancing like tap, ballet, hip pop, jazz, and ballroom dancing and more. Second, you express your emotion, all that anger and sadness you hide, you put that into your dance It's what makes it special. Do what your body tells you to do, let out whatever it is your feeling, let your emotion tell a story. It's like writing a story in a book but the only thing different is that you are moving. Third, dancing takes a lot of energy, so that means you have to have a good meal before you can dance. Stretch your body so you won't pull a muscle, which can be very painful and sometimes can lead to surgery. After stretching, warm up yourself, so you can build your stigma, it will help you when you are feeling weak and tired. Always drink water because you are always sweating, and you need to hydrate your body. Fourth, when you are dancing there is never a right to wrong. It's like a test with no answer key, it just keeps going without stopping. Don't doubt yourself because nobody is going to be perfect, if you want to dance like you run the world then trust yourself.Finally, if you enjoy dancing, and you have passion, You are going to be unstoppable. All you just have to remember is to just have fun and be you. Teach others and show them that if they are feeling alone, they are never alone because you will be right there next to them guiding them every step of the way. In conclusion this activity is super enjoyable and fun because you will meet new people, and you will have new friends and people who share the same interest as you. Just remember as long as you, put your mind and heart into whatever you want to do, anything is possible that's why this activity taught me so much about loving myself.  