The outdoor activities park, get people to know each other better. The activities outside is fun, because you get to meet new people, where there is always competition and competitors. The main thing what makes an activity fun, is the enthusiasm of the people, having an enjoyable moment. However, how people or siblings cheered for you and others for the other team, is sensational. In Conclusion that's what makes a game great, the fact that has many memorable moments, that you will never forget. In general, activities exercises your body, ounce you get use to running, or playing sports. Technically, you want to do more when you really like the activity that you're doing, that's enthusiasm for a motivation. Then, you definitely want to be the best at it and there are others, that have the same interests as you. So, there's people that are going to get across your way, because their unstoppable like you. Since, a child they liked activities that motivated and inspired them, to be good at, eventually these two big starts find each other and there both nemesis. So, let's say your motivation was only getting a scholarship, by sports, and the goal, that you propose to yourself, eventually you completed it. Supposedly after 30 years your in national TV playing the finals cup worldwide, for your team, that's were imagination can take you from a winner to a star. It starts from just playing with friends, finding encouragement from siblings. Then just practicing and from there is your decision were you want to take yourself. Along the way, you can become a successful professional player, like Messi,LeBron James,Usain Bolt, etc. However, that's the main point goal for others, but severally you don't have to be good or the best at a sport. Certainly, if you participate on activities is good, because your showing potential as your age grows. Also, you're forming you body in general, which makes you stay fit, fresh, and always hydrated which is good for your health. Everybody starts from going from different clubs and parks, where you could start going from your community. Then the state and then national parks, provide you greater opportunities and that's were the journey begins. I like to think that activities generally sports develop your body in a sort of way, that it can also develop your brain into knowing more knowledge of that sport and knowing every detail of it. Neseceraily, not only physical effects can happen to your typical common general body muscles, but having an understanding of the game can be outstanding which requires critical thinking that can affect your organ brain in a good way. If you get to see chess not considered really a sport, but an activity that exercises your mental thinking, others find this game or other games interesting too and really find the complexity of the game and that's how legends form in any type of game. The community and people are starting to know each other better by Community activities along everywhere State communities, and National communities. If you asked people that do activities every day, they will say almost everyone in the world, ounce upon a while everyone did an activity. Since, is what forms your body's growth, shape, and knowledge. The main thing is that there are activities for everyone, that everyone can be good at something, and they can have a good time, on what they're doing.