People should be guidance by experts and authorities because in that way we can have fewer people killing each other; however, there are people that don't like to share their situation and there is where the suicide came from. Although some say that people shouldn't to be guided by experts because they don't like to people tell them what to do, actually people should be guided by experts because they can show people to love each other and make a better world with no violence.There are people that don't like to be guided by others, but they have a knowing in their life in what is good and bad by their experiences. For example my gram pa, he doesn't like to be guided by others, but he said that he has an understanding in what is good and bad. He also told me that some people try to guide you for the bad way, by showing you how to drink beers or smoke cigarettes, and you have to be ready to say not to those type of drugs but, I believe that we need to have experts and authorities to guide us about life's important. Actually, people should seek guidance from experts and authorities because some experiences have better knowing then other ones and learn how to love each other. I would like to be guided by experts and learn about their experiences. That could be awesome.Sometimes are better to make your own idea because that person that is by your side such as, your girlfriend or your mother could be wrong, and there is when you make a mistake and start to be disappointed with your self, In that time is when you are frustrated, and you could kill your self or hurt someone else. Violence can be make by a bad understanding. That's why people should seek guidance from experts and learn how to talk to each other. Usually if you are young, sometimes we don't know have to talk and their where problems came from. However encourage to all young people you seek guidance from experts until they have a better knowing in their decisions. We as humans always make mistakes, and we learn through them, but we need help from each other. We need to stop the violence and start to love each other, but we have to seek guidance from expert and authorities about life important matter. That's is how we can be better persons, and we can change or thoughts.  