When making life decisions it is good to ask someone for help then making the decision yourself. Why is it better asking someone about the decision is because they could tell you either the decision is good or they could tell you that don't do it and try to find a better idea. When making a life decision you have to think about the importance, how much it would cost me or what's the overall budget, and how It's going to help me achieve in life. When making life decisions it really matters on how it's important to you or how It's going to effect you in life. As life goes on do I think it's going to help me improve what I'm doing right now or is it going to drop me and destroy me for life. When making life decisions it also depends on how you're looking at that particular thing/object. That's why you should ask someone else who is already doing that particular thing from before or ask someone who could give you a personal opinion/advice that would actually make you think if making this life decision is worth it or not. When buying something big that will have an effect on my life I would have thought about my budget and how am I going to afford this project without having any issues. So to do that I would ask someone for advice who is already doing that business or investment. When asking others for advice I would have to think about how they're going to respond and what they're going to say. This is why budget is also a very big thing when it comes to making life decisions is because I would have to pay that amount in order to have my business or investment stand out the people around me. Why would I have to ask someone to achieve my investment or business. To achieve my business I would have to ask someone for an advice who is already doing something similar to that. As I'm asking for the opinion or the advice I would have to think how or what I'm going to do to improve that decision. What hard work or thinking of mine or someone else's would have to go in that play to achieve the decision. As I would be achieving the decision I would have to see how I'm being affected with it and how much pressure its putting on me. Why would I ask others for advice when I have brain and that's because they're going to have a different mind set from me. They probably think better than me or in some way where we both agree on the same fact to achieve the business or investment in a better way. This is why you should ask someone else for an advice or an opinion than going in alone in such a big decision that could impact your life in less than some days. In conclusion to making life decisions it is a good idea to ask someone else for advice than making the move alone. It's because someone else has a different mind set than you yourself. That's why when making a life decision you should think about what things and what mind set you need to proceed with your investment or business. So the mains things you need is how important the investment or business is to me, How high or low my budget is, and what will I have to do to achieve this business/investment. For all these reasons you should always ask a person about their advice or opinion even though I might not listen to it, but it doesn't hurt to ask. They'll give me the best advice or opinion even how big or little the investment/business is.