Having good attitudes is the best way to successes. There are two types of attitudes : a good attitude and a bad attitude. Good attitudes can help you in a lot of things, for example you don't agree with your boss about your paycheck, one thing that you can do is talk with your boss with a good attitude and get to an agreement or talk with a bad attitude and get fire. Good attitudes can also help during a bad or boring times. For example, you and your family are having a bad time in a trip, and then you go with a great attitude and make everyone feel better. Some ways that you can be with a good attitude are : when you sleep well, when is sunny outside, when you get a gift, when you go to your favorite restaurant, or you got your favorite food, when your friends go to your house, when you visit your family, when you go on a trip and you're having a good time, and so many other ways. Bad attitudes can take you to the wrong path. A lot of people have bad attitude almost all the time, and it's really difficult to get along with them. That type of person does not have a lot of friends, or they don't have friends. One example of a bad attitude is when you came to school with a lot of stress and a bad attitude and your teacher do something that you don't like, then you star yelling at him with a bad attitude and your teacher send you to guidance, and you get a report card. Or maybe someone else is with a bad attitude and wants to fight and that can go awful. Some ways that you can get a bad attitude are : when you are tired, when you got a lot of work, when it's raining, and you can't go outside, when someone else got a bad attitude with you, when you are mad at someone, when you are hungry and the food is bad, and some other things. When I am with good attitudes I always have the best time. Something that make me have a good attitude is when I got my favorite food, or a present, or when I am with my family. For example, yesterday was my cousin's birthday in a really fun place, I was with a good attitude because I was playing with my cousin, and then we ate perfect food. Also, I am with a good attitude when my family and I go on a trip, I love to travel because we can visit a lot of new places. Another example is, because my science's teacher was with a good attitude, he gives us one more day to turn in a project.There are so many benefits of having good attitudes. One of them can be when you got an important exam, and you study and feel secure about it, then in the next morning you woke up with a good attitude, and you take the exam felling secure about your self and with a good attitude, you are going to get a good grade. I think that the best one is having a good time because you are happy and being happy is the best felling that a person can have. In conclusion, having good attitudes can help you in a lot of things like in work, school, and even family reunions. Now you know, the next time that you are felling bad or having a bad time the best way to handle that is having a good attitude.