Should we be honest or not? We should be honest because people that you know very well, and you think that they would never lie to you that's going to hurt you the must. And if you are not honest people would never believe you. People in this world lie a lot, and they are not honest. Who are we going to trust if people are not honest .if you lie all the time people will turn their backs on you and nobody is going to help you out if you have a problem. When you lie to people one way or another they will find out so be honest all the time. And if you lie to the people you love the most that's just sad because they give you so much incouregmentfor everything. I think that if you are not honest you shouldn't be trusted by anyone. You give all of your trust to that person, and you say don't tell anyone, if that person does it anyway are you going to trust them again, I wouldn't. If you want to be trusted you need to start from more. So stop lying to every one you trust and be honest and tell the truth to every one. And be nice and don't get in trouble. If people believe on you, they're going to have your back no matter what. People in this world don't liked to be lied to. Alot of people like to be trusted so be honest all the time not sometimes all the time. And by being honest it can help you out by you're parents having trust on you making sure that you don't do bad things or say bad things. And being honest beings good things in life you can get really great jobs and be responsible with everything .if you are honest with everyone, evryone is going to believe you all the time. And believe in everything on what you said. And if you do what you said or promise people will believe on you and give you all the trust that you need. I know being honest can hurt someone's feelings but instead of being sad to make your wake less in to strength. And I'm telling you, you will feel so much better than ever. Some people can be mean when being honest but turn your back on them and don't talk to them but if they change give them a chance. And don't believe on what they say about you is not being honest to them self either. So be honest all the time.