They say the should never judge a book by its cover and, especially regarding people, it's true. In this case, the cover is not necessary meaning the appearance, but the first impression of another person. Like the cover of a book, first impressions are not always as appealing as what is really there. it's not until after you start "reading" or get to know someone, when you really find out that what you see is not always what you get. There are several factors that can affect the first impression that one receives from another. Differing personality, situations and representation of a person, make impressions often the worst means of judging people. A person's personality has a big effect on the first impressions that they emit. Everybody is different but when it comes down to it first impressions are really based off of whether you are shy or not. I met my best friend after moving during my junior year, at my new high school. Before I knew her, she never said a word to me or anyone else in the classes that she was kind of odd, but then realized that I was the same way, I didn't talk to many people either because of my personality. I knew that I was shy person, and after I get to know someone, I put down my front and show my true colors. I thought that maybe she would be a same way. After starting to talk to her a little more each day, our friendship grew, and I learned that she wasn't odd at all, but just like me an outgoing person hidden by their shyness. Some people like me and my friend, are shy and put up a reserved and quiet front when facing new people. Based on my first impressions of my friend, I thought something that was far from the truth. One who has a shy personality might in reality be outgoing, but uncomfortable showing it at first, making the first impression of that person a mistaken one. Your first impression of someone is not suitable because you do not know the situation they may be in. When seeing or meeting someone new, you have no idea the kind of day, difficulties or kind of disappointment that person may be experiencing. They may have recently lost someone, or could be someone new and yet still have to deal with the routines and stresses going throughout their day. All of these situations can create a barrier between themselves and others, and setting of a good impression is probably not at the top of their list of important things to do. On my first day of senior year, I walked hurriedly to my first class, even thought I had plenty of time to get there. When I walked into my class, the only thing on my mind was to find a seat right away, no matter if it was by another person or not. When the time come to eat lunch, I sat by myself and ate it quickly, so I could proceed to my next class. I was so worried about being late for a class, finding a seat and just doing things right, that I didn't have time to try to leave any good first impression, on any of my peers. It wasn't even on my mind to do so. My peers received the impression that I was nervous and not a sociable person, when really I was acting the way I was because of the situation that I was in. There are many factors that lead to someone's first impression of another. Someone’s personality, current situation, or the way they happen to present themselves all influences the way someone thinks about another when seeing or meeting them for the first time. Since what they think is based off of these judgments, their first impressions are usually wrong. If all friendships were based on first impressions, there would be a lot less of them in the world. First impressions are more often worst means of judging a person because it's not until you get to really know a person, you are better equipped to understand what kind person they truly are, and really know the individual based on real values, rather than their first impression or "book cover".