My dad usually told me that failure is the mother of success when I was young. Way to success is not easy, everyone had to face different kinds of problems. It will fell harder and harder every time you failed, and it's hard to keep up the enthusiasm while facing different kind of problems. Yes, I'm fully agreed with Mr. Churchill. Failure lead you to success. Simple example about Elon Musk, one of the richest people on planet Earth. He was the Chairman of PayPal, Tesla. At 2002, he invented SpaceX, first ever self-investment rocket company to reach the Earth's orbit. Also, most amazing thing is they invented the reuse rocket, which is the rocket will land back to earth after launch to the Earth's orbit. SpaceX has accomplished so many that people talk about their success so much without remember their failure. Let me tell you this: The first 2 of their rocket(Falcon 1) launch are all failure due to engine failure. After during an other year of researching, testing, and examine, the 3rd rocket launch still failed to reach the Earth's orbit. At that time everyone thinks this project is a jock and Elon only have the money to launch the 4th rocket. Without losing hope and years of hard work, their 4th rocket(Falcon Launch 4) was successfully launched and reach the Earth's orbit. Elon and SpaceX made history, SpaceX also received a large amount of money by NASA. Don't ever lose your enthusiasm(Hope). Don't Ever Give Up, one of the greatest quote of all time, it leads so many people to success. Like Elon Musk I talked about last paragraph, he is a great example for us. His enthusiasm and passion about Space transpiration in the future and even moving people to space lead him and his company into success. I'm a sports athlete, I play basketball for 5 years already, it's part of my life. Every athlete knows practice is boring but also important. Why so many people still play professional basketball is because they have the passion and enthusiasm about winning. Process is boring and long, however it only takes one moment for sports athlete to fell everything is worth it. Still some people failed on their way, beat by the tiredness of the process and slowly lose their enthusiasm for what they are chasing for at the beginning. Failure completes the adventure, last thing I'm going talk about today. Everyone is emotional, everyone hates losing, everyone wanted to take the shortcut. I'm the, you are the too, but without the gaps on the road to success, the adventure just seems not complete. Every failure make the explorer stronger and smarter. Learn from the mistake, take note from it, and you will be step ahead from everyone else. Every person on this planet with big accomplishment also have big mistakes too. No one is perfect, just go do thing what you want or like to do, eventually the journey will become interesting. All for all, guess you already tired of reading. I support my 3 main points: Failure lead you to success, don't ever lose your enthusiasm, failure complete the adventure. I'm also agreed with Mr. Winston:'' success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.'' Failure does play an important role in the pursuit of success.