Technology allows people to complete many tasks, without having contact with others. People can check out books, shop, and play games without speaking to another person has limitation on humans contact due to the use of technology had positive or negative effects on people's lives. I believe that technology had positive effects on people's lives because we can talk with people in long distance, working online without driving, and find new friends. The first reason is that technology had positive effects on people's lives is because we can talk with our family that are not with us. Also, when we missed them we can video call each other, and know about each others' life. For example if there was no technology we can't talk with our families that are in long distance. And we don't know about each other, and maybe we will forget each other's by the time past. That's why technology is the best thing that we have in our lives. Everyone should have technology because it's important for them and maybe something happen to you like accident and your family can find you by using their technology and find where the accident is happened. Furthermore you can use technology when you are sick, and you can't go to your work you can call your boss to tell him/her that you can't come today, if there was no technology it wasn't possible to do these things. Second reason is that technology had positive effects on people's lives because people can work online without driving and vesting their time. Initially when you're working online you can save your money and can do all of your work in your house. However, that's good because if you have a child, and you want to be with her/him it can help you because you can do your work and be with your child. Furthermore, if you can't drive, and you wish to work at home technology will help you to work online without driving long distance. Furthermore, technology is good thing when you want to travel you can travel and at the same time you can work by your technology, and you can make more money. Third reason is that technology had positive effects on people's lives that we can find new friends, culture and new languages. Initially when you go to social media you can see different people with different culture, and you want to know about their culture and their languages, so technology will help you to communicate with them and ask them question about their religion, country etc. Furthermore, when you're going to some other country that you don't know your way technology will helps you find your way. For example when you're going to the country that you love to know about that country more, but you can't ask question because you don't know the people, and their language in there, also you lost yourself in there you can't talk or ask them for help. That's when you can use technology to helps you, you can talk with them by using your phone translator. Technology had positive effects on people's lives technology helps people with more stuff, and they can use technology as a useful thing we use technology for everything.