Should you agree to letting the school board add one and a half hour to the school days? I disagree because it will make students less excited to come back to school the next day. Students already have the work they have to do after school, adding more time to the schools will give less time for what the students have to do once they get home. Students have the work in school that they get normally, but once the school board adds more time, the students will have the stress that they don't need. The time that the school board adds will impact the students time, stress, and family management. Students will come to school with less happiness. Once the student gets to the school, they will have to do the same work with more time that they could have used to do their daily needs. Students need the time with their loved ones so that they could get work off of their minds. Students will have to come back to school with one and a half less time to regain their thoughts and sleep for the next day. Giving more time to schools will affect student's daily plans. When the student goes home it's for their time to get the work form the school done and to enjoy the time with their family. Adding more time will affect the family time together, in replace that they will have to work on the time they wanted to talk with their family. Students will argue to the school that it is unfair that they have to have more time in school, then they will be mad that they have to take one and a half hour away from the time they get out of school. Adding more time to the school will put more stress on the students. Students already have work on their mind when they are in school, adding more time will just add more work that leads to stress. Once the student has stress they have to find a way to get it out but, they have to work in the school and get work to do at home gives the student no time to get it out. The stress that the student has can build up to make it turn to anger and frustration, the can use it in means that they will regret in the future. Adding one and a half hour can put students in a tight spot. Students will be upset to come to school, given what they have heard. Students have to budget their time after school. Work can give students stress that they don't need to have. Having more time in school can lead to problems that the students don't want and need.  