Should people judge you what you want to do in life? Or should you follow what your heart desire that is right for you? I think you should live your life how you want it to live it, what you want to achieve in the future, what is your main goal to do when you're done with high school or college. Nobody can't make you want you don't want to do life because it's your life not theirs they can't tell you what you can do or not, like no you're the that can control you body, mind and life not them. The one person who has my back since I was kid and encourage me to keep from giving up in life is my older brother. My brother has taught me some many things that are good and what are bad in life. He told that I can live my life how I want it to live because nobody can't make your decisions what you want or not to do. He told me that he has gone through a lot of things in the past like the people that he called as "friends" or "family"try to take advantage of him what he didn't want to things that they wanted him to do, so what he did was that is he spoke up to all the people that wanted to do this and that you can't tell him what to do or can't push me to doing things that he doesn't like. Then after all that he learned that he will never let the haters get into his head and take his life and use him like a toy, so he told me that is that if people try to do use you or say that can't be this in the future all you have to is done ignore everyone who tries to get in the way in the way of your life. Fight for what you desire in life, don't let anyone get in negativity go through your head just turn it to them something positive or take that negativity and use as motivation to make you work harder in life to show them what you can do by yourself. Life is everything you have one live to fullest your parents has brought you into this world because he knows you have something special hidden you that can maybe change the world. I believe everyone can achieve there by just following there heart and mind with no one interfering what you like to do for a living, but if you get lost or need help along your path to success ask someone that is very close to you that you know who has back no matter what that understand you that ain't trying to ruin your life should always choose people wisely. Always be yourself and live your life how you want to live it and never give up.  