Sometimes is really hard to get these opportunities. If students get the chance to learn about what they like they should take advantage of it. They might learn things that interested them. Although some students think these opportunities are useless, actually it opens a lot of doors at a young age to learn about the things they like. For some students this is a big privilege. Find out who they are. A few of these students are not really interested in these opportunities. They tend to think that is useless just because they don't have the program they are interested in. Normally people get use to the things they like, and they don't want to learn new things. Sometimes is hard to see that learning about new things could give huge benefits. Other students realize that it could be fun to learn about new things. If they are lucky enough they could find the career they like. When kids start to go to school teachers always ask them to think about what they want to be when they grow up. Almost everyone wants to be a policeman, a fireman, a teacher, or a doctor. When they grow up their way of thinking chances. Kids realize that there are a lot of other things that they could like. While others grow with the same mentality. Some of them make it happen, but some others change their mind in the way. It does not only happen when they are little. It could happen when they grow up, so they should give it a try to new things. Furthermore, it might be better than it looks. Also, If they find the program they like and try it out they might find out if they truly like it. I had a friend, and he really loved psychology. He took the class this year because he thought it could be interesting. Midway through the year he found out that he is not so good at it. Although it was too late to back up he realized that psychology was not what he was looking for. Sometimes people believe they have what they want and that there is nothing that could stop it. They all should have a second plan in case plan A is not working so well. Everyone should be ready just in case there is a rush change, and they have to take a decision in less than a day. They have to hope the best and get ready for the worst. Some students think this opportunity is lame for not having what they want to learn about. Some others see that there are a lot of benefits in it and go for it. I classify myself as the kind of student that takes new chances. I also have two careers in mind. Furthermore, I know if one of them fails me I still have the other one. This is why I should get the opportunity to go. I truly want to know if the careers I have in mind are what I want to do the rest of my life. If in any case there was not what I am interested in then I will try new things.