If you master a subject you like and don't try pushing your limits you won't succeed. Why wouldn't you want to push your limits? Theirs a reason why people get stuck in life, when they master their subject. They get frustrated when they can't find jobs or good pay wage. I agree on what Author Ralph Waldo Emerson because if you don't have that motivation on what you master it can affect you. If you don't push yourself into doing more than beyond than life will not treat you as you wanted. I agree on Author Ralph because I've experience things in life that if you don't try on something, thank you won't be able to grow. If you look at Bill Gates he master on his program and what did he do he shares his product and open stores. He grew just by mastering his program. My experience was mastering in learning how rebuild an engine from just the block to how to make more power. Now I'm fixing peoples cars and doing tunes for their cars. I know these guys that called themselves diesel brothers. They are master diesel technician. So what did they do? They bought a shop, got a crew and got sign to do a TV show. They work on diesel trucks, diesel cars and anything that is diesel. Then they decided to do custom trucks and custom military cars. That wasn't enough for them, so they came up with ideas to use military axles and putting them on custom trucks making those trucks so heavy duty they can even pull a train! My father told me that you should never stop, even if you reach that goal. He said," you reach that goal make another goal, you can't stop at what you're doing and if you do, than theirs going to be bumps in the road and then your going to make huge mistakes." just from those words it's like million bucks to me. Why because if you stop at what you master, then somebody is going to master it better than you ever thought and you're not going to grow from it. When they master their subject, those people get happy right but what's next? Let's say you master your subject and then you find a job that pays good. The money looks good, and you stay at that job for a couple of years. I'd say that probably 75 percent of you staying at that job will make your miserable. People get bored and can't find anything else to do, but do the exact something over again. It's going to make you want OT quit and find something else to do. Then once you quit your job what's going to be in your mind? Probably nothing at the moment, but then your realize that you master that subject and want to share it, make it to your own business and improve from it. So I do agree on what Author Ralph Waldo Emerson wrote. I believe that if you don't go beyond your goal than you won't succeed in life. So make sure that you push yourself even if it's harder. I promise you that you will succeed, have better thought, better examples and freedom. Remember having to do more you will get more in return.  