Working in a group can be helpful. Working alone is also good for you because you can focus and get the job done without being distracted. Seeing people working in groups shows that really only 2 people do the work and the rest play around. You also don't get the full learning experience working in a group than you get working alone. When you work in a group you don't know your strengths and weaknesses you're just wondering what to do but when working alone, you can realize what you need help on and what you don't need help on. Working in a group can make you lazy, because you depend on your group to do the work for you most of the time. Personally I would rather work alone than work with a group. Working alone gives you peace, quiet and space that will help you work at a fast pace. When you work alone you tend to ask your teacher questions in order to help you and that's good. It's also gives you the power to do what you think right. Working in a group, you can't do what you think is right the whole group gets to decide the answer. Working alone can also benefit you by your grade they show you how well you did on it or if you did bad. If you did bad then you can study and see what your missing out on and that can make you better and understand the topic correctly next time. My personal preference is working alone even though working in a group that could be a great experience I'd rather work alone. It gives me motivation to get my work done faster than not caring. You can get distracted and carried away fast at this day and age. A lot of students love to work alone it's a great time to themselves and to finish their work. Working alone saves you the trouble of getting blamed for something you shouldn't have been blamed for. So I think working alone is more beneficial for everyone. Unless you are assigned a project and its due very quickly then that's the perfect way to work in a group. But that's a whole different story. At the end of the day I will rather choose to work alone than in a group but some might think otherwise.