I would like to become a Cardiologist in my future, so that I can save people's lives by charging them less money and nobody has to suffer like my uncle, it is one of the high-paying jobs and there are less heart surgeons in the world. My uncle was detected with a hole in his heart since he was born. But my family couldn't afford the money for the surgery, so they left him like that itself. He started feeling more pain when he's studying his final years of high school. When he went through the surgery, he had exams going on. Despite the pain, he studied for his exam and passed in flying colors. Many people cannot afford the surgeries for not only heart but for many organs in their body. So, I wanted to change that and help all the people in the world, so that they can live happily at least once in their lifetime. It is one of the high-paying jobs in the world. My family was not able to treat my uncle because of not having enough money at that time, so I wanted to earn money and save lives at the same time as much as I could. In this way, everybody in my family will not be able to endure all the pain they had even before I was born. I will do anything to keep my family happy. In this world, we have more doctors in other fields but not much in the cardio field. I wanted to change that because half of the world's population has hidden heart defection, they don't know still, like my uncle. This is because of fewer cardiologists in the world. When people go to the heart surgeons, the doctors ask more money than the usual charge as there are only a few doctors in that field. People cannot afford the money they ask and just leave their defected hearts, they continue doing their day-to-day works. If this continues, then people will die without even enjoying their whole life in this world. I will become a heart surgeon and charge my patients the money they can afford. With this I will also be happy and the people who come to me will also be happy as they get cured. In conclusion, becoming a cardiologist is one of big dreams I want to achieve in my life. I will save people's lives only by costing them with affordable money. I won't let my fellow people go through what my uncle did, so I would do anything to save their lives. People are dying across the world because there are only a few doctors in that field, and they also charge them high, so I will change these people's lives by doing the opposite of what the other doctors did. I want to change this world into a better place to live because everything here is money, so I hope I can change it.  