Given students a long summer opportunity would give them the chance to take a restful break from all the ethic school year they have being having. Most students enjoy summer break vacation. But some educators feel that the summer is too long because students has a long summer vacation would take the time to review their school year and go to summer school for makeup class while others are planing to spend time with their families. Though others are thinking that students should have a year round school where there would be a three to four weeks in the summer and a longer winter break but meanwhile a week off in spring and fall break because during snow days the students would have no school, and they would get to go to school while it freezing outside. I think it not a great idea because Most students thinks the long summer is a great opportunity for them to participate in some various positive activities and for them to sets a standard goal for themselves. Most students should get a long summer break because they have to take their time and review their work and go to summer school for a makeup class that would help them to get credits back or graduates the coming years. Imagine have in a break during the summer, would any students have the chances of making up class work during the winter? Or would they even think about the ideas of doing a class makeup?. I think no because they would be giving an excuse about the snowy weather and the real cold weather and schools would be canceling which would affects the process of curriculum on what the class are learning. For example during the winter when we sometimes get a snowy weather we cancel schools and that one day that school get cancel it affects most teachers planing on what they should do for that day. For instance the school would have to take a week off of that summer break so that the teacher would have time to complete what he or she has to teach the students. Therefor students needs a longer summer break to succeed on their goal.Meanwhile, other students need a long summer breaks to spend a long time with their families because they have already spent a long school learn especially the once that had honors class also the students who are in college. Most students who spend some quality time with their family might have a better change of setting up a goal for the next school year by all means because they are getting a better advice from their family, for example I had an understanding that students who spent the most time with their family discussing their school year would get motivated and has a goal for themselves before the new school year, meanwhile in the winter break, you won't have that much time to spend with your family, because most of your family who live far across would most likely not want to come visit because of the winter. For example when during the winter most of my family who lives abroad or out of states would never come to visit us during the winter break because they said it winter and it is really could, while in the summer each and every one of our family would come to visit because we spend some quality time together, and they always give me some good advice on how to be successful on my education and what goal I should set to gain my success.Finally, though others are thinking that students should have a year round school where there would be a three to four weeks in the summer and a longer winter break but meanwhile a week off in spring and fall break because during snow days the students would have no school, and they would get to go to school while it freezing outside. With this opinion, I think am little agree because during the winter the snowy weather kind of disrupt everything or activities that was supposed to happened during the school year. Meanwhile, another hands the students does not have to miss a week or weeks to school but a day or two. Therefor they should get a long summer break even tho they would get a week or two off, for instance I believe if they get a day or two there would be no chances for them to forgets everything they learned during the time school opens to the beginning of winter. For example if they miss one or two days they would have a day to revised their notes and maybe be prepared for a coming test or quiz in the future, never the ;less they won't have to study for too long for a test or quizzes again. In conclusions students enjoy summer break vacation. But some educators feel that the summer is too long because students has a long summer vacation would take the time to review their school year and go to summer school for makeup class while others are planing to spend time with their families.because Most students thinks the long summer is a great opportunity for them to participate in some various positive activities and for them to sets a standard goal for themselves. Though others are thinking that students should have a year round school where there would be a three to four weeks in the summer and a longer winter break but meanwhile a week off in spring and fall break because during snow days the students would have no school, and they would get to go to school while it freezing outside. And I believe that students should always have the opportunity to have a long break especially a long summer break.  