CHOOSE YOUR OWN Characterize British naturalist and politician John Lubbock wrote,"Your character will be what you yourself choose to make it." Do we choose our own character traits, or is our character formed by influences beyond our control? Take a position on this issue. Do we need to choose are own character traits yes, or no? In my opinion I will say yes we need to choose our character because If we choose our character we can be wherever we want, good, or bad person, etc., and we are going to do a good job if we choose our own character traits. First, If I choose my own character I will give my best work because I choose my own character, and I'm going to feel very comfortable, and so happy to do it my character. For example, I remember one friend from my country hi's name were Generic_Name, and he was doing an activity school was theater, and they were doing the story of Little Red Raiding Hod, and he was acting the wolf he was the bad gay, and he did a perfect job I was so impressed, I remember he says in the stories I always I'm going to be the bad guy because the bad guy is the second most important character, and is the conflict of the story the one who make interesting the story. Next, you can develop and demonstrate your skill acting, If you choose your own character because you are going to do a great work, and you are going act like you are a real actor, and maybe you can discover acting, If you have a passion of acting. For example, I hear some stories about actor. How they like acting, and they say in the first time they didn't liked to act but them there was starting like how they act, that how they like to acting because it's fun to act, and you can enjoy acting with your friends. Finally, If I do one character I don't like, or I don't choose probably I'm not going to give my best work because I'm not going to feel comfortable or exacting to do it. For example, I remember like 3 years ago In my English 9 class we do an act about Romeo and Juliet, and they give my the character of the guard, and I was not exacting to do it, so I didn't do very well, but I try I think If I try maybe I will like the character, but I didn't like that why I prefer to choose my own character. In conclusion, If you choose your own character you are going to do a good job and great work, you are going to demonstrate and develop your skill acting If you do the character you choose, and if you do a character you did choose you probable are not going to do a great job, or maybe you are not going care about the character these are the reason why is good to choose a character them someone gives you a character. So remember choose your own character don't wait Intel someone gives you a character, and don't forget is telling you the one who wrote the article. >_<