In this prompt I agree and disagree, because in societies now in days some students do know for sure what career they want to study/become when older. Some students don't know exactly what they want to study/ become when older. It all depends on the student, For example if the student is for sure on what they want to be when older. That's because either since they were little they have always like firefighters or a police officer. Once growing up they notice they can become one too and follow there dream on being something they have always loved since they were young. Also, it could be that there Mom or Dad, or a family member that was or in the military or a firefighter. That want to follow those steps too, and make their family members proud. They also took interest on what their family member do or have done in life. Now for the student who are not sure of what they exactly want to be once their older/ study. Some students are actually not sure what they are interested in doing and need help finding what they would love to study about, or some students wants to explore and have options to see what they are most interested in doing for the future. Students who don't know for sure what they want to be when older, needs help finding their interest because most of the time their shy on going into a class with new people they don't know. Also in high school there are academy and sometimes the class you pick are not at the school you go to so a bus would take you to that school. And some students are scared to go to another school because they don't know that school so well. In other cases that I haven't really heard of as much as the other ones, that they are scared to study what they love because they don't want to be judged by other people or also because their parents wants them to study to become a doctor or a lawyer when really they want to be a police officer or something else that they are interested in. So It's hard for them to become what they really want to be in the future. I would agree and disagree in this prompt, I disagree because some students don't actually know what they want to be when older, and I agree because some students already know what they want to some as their career. Some are shy, some are scared, and some already know for sure what they want to study about. For example me, at first when I was little i didn't know what I wanted to be. My whole life till this day I am an animal lover. I rather live with animals then humans to be honest. So I thought of be a veterinarian, but people told me that I would have to do surgery on animals and stuff like that and at some things its good because I am saving their lives, but I'm not always going to save their lives so i didn't want to be a veterinarian because i didn't want to be hurt my whole life work like that. So I moved on to following my dads footsteps, becoming part of the Marine Corps. My dad was in the Marine Corps and fought in the Vietnam War, he also worked as security in the American embassy in Generic_City. I also love doing makeup, since I was little I would always play with makeup and growing up I would buy a lot of makeup but didn't really know how to use the products. Until I started by little learning how to use the products. Now a big makeup store at the mall offered me a job their because they loved the way I do my makeup. Growing up I started seeing my interest and also had options on what I would like to do in the future.  