Author Ralph Waldo Emerson wrote "Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow". Doing something that you have already mastered means that you won't grow. I agree with what Author Ralph Waldo Emerson wrote because it is always good to try new things. Would you want to try something new and master it or keep doing the same thing? First, people can challenge themselves with new things, so they can experience life with obstacles. Challenging themselves means that they will try to do something even when it's hard. Challenging people with hard things means that they are not going to give up even when it gets hard. Why wouldn't you want to challenge yourself with new things? It's good to try new thing because doing something that you have already mastered is good but what about trying to master something else. If you want to grow even more it would be better to step out of your comfort zone and experience new things. Also, Having more experience with life means that you are growing up. Growing up means that you would have to try new things and not only stick to one subject. Wanting to try new things in life is good because your brain functions better, and you get more knowledge. You will have more knowledge in your brain which means that you could master more and more things. Mastering something is good because you get to have more self-esteem, and you will feel good about yourself. Feeling good about your self is really important because you will need the motivation to master something in life. You can't master anything without having motivation because then it will be a mess and it won't turn out good. Therefore, wanting to try new things is good because you can be open-minded. You can also have many ideas that you could jot down. Wanting to try new things gives you a lot of ideas on what you want to master. In the process of thinking of an idea to master you get so excited that there are a lot of planning and ideas in your head on what to master in. It is always good to feel confident because without confidence and motivation you won't have the energy to do what you originally wanted to do in the first place. Trying new things is also good for your social life because you will come in contact with people that has so many creative ideas, and you can talk to them, and they would probably help you on what your ideas can be. However, not challenging yourself with new thing, having more experience with life, and wanting to try new things may not be good you could end up being comfortable at where you are at. Being comfortable is good but not challenging yourself to do what's best is bad because you're not giving yourself enough credit. If you don't work hard to master something that you truly want to master in then there is no point in trying to master it. If you don't try to master in anything you won't have any hope, and you will become lazy, and you will stop trying the hard work that you are trying to do. Trying new things is a part of life and if you don't do that than you would struggle a lot in life. In conclusion, challenging yourself, having more experience with life, and wanting to try new things is better than being comfortable at where you are at in life, being lazy, stop trying, and don't want to try new things which means that you will start struggling in life. Having new experiences is better than only having old experiences because with new experiences you have a fresh start and a clean plate. You get to have a better life because you're going to be having a lot of things that you would want to master. Giving up is never the right thing because thank you won't get anything you want. You have to work in order to get what you want because life doesn't give you anything for free. Many people want to grow and do other things so that they can master at it. Wouldn't it be cool if you were the first person to master anything you wanted? 