What is the greats' accomplishment to be yourself in the world? Today some people think the greats accomplishment to be yourself in the world is doing, they favorite things, and they feel proud to be like you want. In other hand, when you love yourself or if you value who are you in this world nobody can change yourself, as your accomplishment is to be better in this world and your best accomplishment is your goal, Because you accomplishment guide your future, you love how you are and never give up in your accomplishment. People in day the greats' accomplishment, it's to be better every day, in make happy yourself when you try to better with you, and always you do your accomplishment real, because you have a courage to do your think, although many times is had but never give up. You accomplishment in yourself can change your future. ' My dad one day he told me, if you don't have accomplishment, you don't can to live the life because you accomplishment make your future, nobody can do your accomplishment just you my beautiful daughter" This show us like nobody can change yourself and decide for you just you can do it, because it's your decision what you want to do in your future, but never forget your accomplishment in yourself can be stronger in the future. Some people don't like, how you are but in this life the most important is how much your love yourself, because other people can to critic you, but never put attention what people think or said because your plane it's to be better, and you could be who change the world and put example in other people because if you don't love yourself you cannot be stronger in the future, but it's beautiful when you love yourself, you can to respect other people, you will be kind, and always you be happy. "My Teacher told me Generic_Name. Do you love yourself? Why asking you that because you are beautiful, and you have a future in your live you can be more like you can image." This show us like love yourself because nobody want to do for you and the love is for share with other people. Finally, never give up in your accomplishment, because it's important to know what you want to do and what do you want, sometimes like you want it's not like how you planed but for that never give up, always will be a wake, but not always too everything be wrong, just you need to have a courage and to get everything in your accomplishment in yourself is the power. When you see your accomplishment real you will be proud, because was your brain and yourself" My grandma told me. Never give up when your accomplishment is in front you." This show us, although it's difficult to realize your accomplishment always think in everything what do you want in yourself. Conclusion, the greats' accomplishment to be yourself in the world, it's to do your things what you love and love yourself, because all this is important to have a better life and have a conversation with people, but happy a share all positive opinion with them. "The life is one so live like if you don't have tomorrow".