I would like for you to consider hiring me for the job. I'm responsible and a quick learner I will take responsibility of my job that is given to me. Furthermore, I'll learn any skills necessary for the job. Furthermore, I'll be respectful of all my peers in our company show a good image of our company, so I'll do my job to the best of my ability. Furthermore, I'll show up on time to my job, and do my very best in my job. To begin with, a good reason to hire me is I'm responsible and take responsibility of my duties in my job as an employee. If you're looking for someone to hire here are some of my qualities to ensure your trust. For example, in school I am always on time to my classes and respectful of my teachers. If you hire me I will make sure to arrive on time and be respectful to all employees and customers. Then I'll work with you and improve on my skills and gain a lot of experience. In conclusion, I'll work hard and be responsible, but I also will learn quick the abilities needed for the job. Secondly, I'll learn the skills necessary for the job as quick as possible. So that I'll help you in any situation to provide the best service to our customers. For instance, in school I'm a quick I've learned any subject in school within 2 to 3 days of practice. If I learn quickly I could use the knowledge I have to teach new employees that come to work. Then the company will have more production for our customers to benefit from. Simply put, I'll make sure to give my advice to new employees, so our company can serve our customers to the best of our ability. I promise to be respectful to my peers and most importantly our customers. Lastly, I'll be respectful to my boss and my peers and do as I'm instructed to do. I'm aware that being respectful to our customers is a priority in our company. As an employee I will give the best service possible to our customer and insure them of any doubts they may have. If I get the job I will ensure you that I'm qualified for the job and that you are getting a good employee. Then I will give the best of my service to any customer and learn more about other areas, so I can be of more help to other customers. These are the three reasons you should hire me for the job. In conclusion, I would like to get hired to gain experience in any job position you may have. Learn new skills in any job position that will help me satisfy any customers needs. I'll learn my job as quick as possible to start helping as many people as I can. I will be respectful to customers, employees and managers. Furthermore, I'll show up on time to my job and take responsibility of my job and work hard and help in any situation I'm needed in. To conclude I want you to hire me knowing I'm the most qualified person for the job.