I would agree with being honest at all times because if I am honest, I am telling the truth, and I'm not lying towards anyone. The reason why being honest is the best policy is that people can really trust me if they ask me a question or if I need their help with any of my work even if they are not honest or completely honest with any of their work. I think that honesty would be number one in my personality because people get smarter when they grow and honesty will be in my life mostly from the start. Another reason why honesty is very important in my life would be to believe that I'm not going to fail a test, or I won't get bullied in the future. But sometimes honesty would fail, and some people are going to get angry with me when they actually trusted me. Then they might have learned a lesson to not trust me in their entire life ever again. That would be sad if I said I were honest that this would happen, and I was actually positive about it just to make my friend or my family member happy instead of thinking about all the negative things that are going to happen which actually might have a tiny chance to happen or not happen. After a negative relationship about honesty happens with my friend or family member, they would disagree on my honesty and might never trust me again and find someone smarter than me. Later in my life, my friend or family member might apologize to me when they could not trust me in the past. The relationship with my family member or friend might come back together again, and they might agree with my honesty once again, and we might never get into a fight about honesty and relationships ever again. But what if my friend or family member found more than one person besides me to trust in their honesty. We might have a huge debate going on about that and also get into a fight that would never stop. It would be best to not have a huge argument about honesty and I can meet with the other person face to face and have a conversation with them which is not that harmful and nobody will hurt anyone's feelings or my friend or family member would not allow me to be with them their entire life anymore. That would be better because it would be best to gather as many people as I know because then me and other people who are very good with honesty can help my friends and my family members stop thinking about negative relationships, and we can make them think about positive relationships, so they won't get stressed out, or they won't have any attacks when they think about anything that makes them feel sad or other dangerous thoughts like suicidal thoughts, dying by doing drugs, getting into a car crash etc. Even if someone tells me that they cannot trust me, and they disagree with my honesty, I don't have any dangerous thoughts about death. I will fight back for my position in honesty even if many people trusted my honesty and I failed them in my honesty. Still, my honesty is not a failure. I will be honest my entire life and I will never lose my most important personality about me which is honesty. If I think I'm going to fail a test on the first attempt. I'm always honest that I will not fail this test today, and I'm going to try so hard on this test that I pass, and I will win and be happy with my own honesty that I trust. Sometimes if I forget to study for a test, it's not honesty's fault I failed. It's my fault I did not study for the test because most of the answers I got wrong in the test is because I guessed instead of knowing the correct answer. If I can't trust honesty or if I don't need it now. I'll use my honesty if I really need it help me succeed, so I won't be a failure in life. I would want everyone to have honesty as their number one personality because honesty can really help everyone solve many conflicts that are not easy to solve in one attempt and I might need help with it. Most people disagree with being honest at all times, and they say it's not their number one personality because people first have to learn the true meaning of honesty and how it can actually help me succeed in your life. Most of the time, people think that very smart people have the best honesty, and they might agree with their honesty for some reason. But they're wrong, I can trust everyone's honesty. It's not like people who are not smart don't have the best honesty and people who are smart have the best honesty, they're equal. People who are not that smart can grow in the future and their honesty can lead to many people supporting someone who was not smart in the past and is now smart in the future. Same with smart people, they can either continue to grow or their smartness has a tiny chance of dropping. Then people in the future for some reason would continue to trust smart people even if I know that their smartness and their true honesty has dropped which would mean that they started to lie in the future and in the past they would tell the truth. That would be the reason why smart people in the past might start to lie about most of their things in the future if nobody teaches them to never get into the non honesty mode. The right people that can reteach me about honesty if you lose it would be either your family members or teachers because you don't goof around with my family and my teachers that often, it's mainly with my friends because they can try to get me into a different world to forget about honesty and everyone will wonder what happened with being honest and why can't they trust me anymore. Same with people who grow, my friends and family members will be surprised how I learned to be honest and how most people can trust me now. They would be put in a totally different world, and they would be thinking. "How did they change in the future?" "I thought they would still be the same their entire life?" Finally, once they figured out how I changed in the future. They will probably inform everyone about the person that has changed. That is why honesty is number one for everyone lives, and it's best.