I disagree on extending school hours. I disagree because if the school board adds more more hours to school, students won't pay much attention to the teacher or staff. Another reason is that students will start disrespecting teachers because they have too many hours, and they will start to get more tired or start to go a sleep. I also think that teachers might get annoyed by students replying on why the school board added extra hours of school. I think that instead of adding the extra hours to school, the school board should just make the extra hours optional after school. This should take place after school, so kids can come and learn more about life and school.First, I disagree because if the school board adds more hours to school students wouldn't be able to concentrate or pay attention in class. I believe that if students don't pay attention in class or to the teacher, the teacher will get very upset and students will start to get in trouble or would start losing points. I believe that the students don't pay attention in class or to the teacher, they would begin to be disrespectful to teachers and won't be respectful to others. Furthermore, I believe that students should tell their parents to do something about the school board wanting to increase the amount of hours in school. Kids should work very hard and keep up the good work and not be disrespectful to others or to the teacher. Second of all, I don't agree because I think that students will start to disrupt or question their teacher about why the school board wants to change or increase the amount of hours students have in school. They are going to start asking a lot of question and their teacher isn't going to like that. I think that students should ask the school board why they are going to increase the amount of hours in school. Students should talk to their parents on why the school board is extending the amount of hours. Students should just be able to do the normal hours of school instead of doing extra. Third of all, I believe that the school board shouldn't increase the amount of hours they should just make it an after school activity. I think that the school board should just make it an after school activity instead of increasing the amount of school for students. The school board shouldn't extended the school hours for students because students can just study hard for something or teachers should go over the subject they are learning about, so they can learn and understand. If they just stay after school that will get so board, and they wouldn't want to be there. I decline on the idea that the school board wants to increase more hours for students. I decline because students will get very bored and wouldn't want to do anything. The school board should think it over again and not extend or increase the amount of hours for school. 