Failure is a dreaded thing in our daily life what we try to avoid. A lot of people trying to not get in any situation where they can fail, and just a lesser layer of the people want to face with them. Those people find it as a learning process and they a make great outcomes from they live. Fear controls every aspect of our life. How do we look like? Did we make the right decision? In most cases we fear about failure because we are not sure about the success or a positive outcome of the situation and the consequences of our actions. This idea divide peoples minds to two sides, two ideology: shy, safety player and brave, risk-taker. Both sides have pros and cons. Those who chose the safety game, are using they background knowledge what they learned for long years and made it highly sure to not fail it. The word shy is not the best representation for them just in that case when something new and unknown came in to learn. They don't take the risk to fail it, and they obviously will not fail because they will not even try. That can be any situation like answer the question in class; try out a sport; go to the gym; wear a new cloth; etc. The only thing what is make a gate between them and to try it is the fear. They don't take the risk, and they will never know the outcome. If it's a fail then they take it as a loose. Maybe the only thing what is a benefit in their thinking they will really not go to lose anything but then the successes will come lesser. Also, that doesn't mean they are not risk-takers, or they live in constant fear, it's just safer. The cases where they are needed to take steps can be not that carry, or it doesn't need to be a big deal. These type of people are already made mistakes and the reason why then fear to try it again the previous experiences. Said something dumb in class and everyone laughed; tried a sport be he/she was not success at all; in the gym he/she felt uncomfortable because he/she was not that strong like the people around them, etc. On the other side those people who trying out new this and got experience are usually the ones who make something in their lives what will stand for them after time. Great example for this is the former British Prime Minister Winston Churchill itself. His life shows the importance of trying. If we just think about how he became a Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, it's easy to realize it was not always easy for him. Biography tells us how many times he tried and failed but even through he gained success. People like Churchill are thinkers, and they take the failures as a lesson of the life. For them is a learning process of making an idea perfect; make an action successful; decide a right way; answer a question rightfully. If a fail cams after a wrong move they face with it, and they are most importantly proud of it. Not proud about what they failed, about the correction, the knowledge what they gained and driving them to avoid the same and similar fails. Yes they can make the same mistake again but at the end they will be the winners. And this is the point where the enthusiasm came in. People are trying to reach their goals and enthusiasm drives them. Winston Churchill won the World War II because his goal was to not fail his people, the mankind, and everything what he built. Enthusiasm can have different faces like duty as a president, joy like an instrument player, or to bring happiness like a parent. To keep the enthusiasm is depending on the person. The goal what is requires it can be lesser, greater, milling, makes no difference. The person who keeping it is matters, not the size of the goal because anyone can be a president if he/she really wants it but cannot go to the gym a few times a week if he/she is lazy and don't have enough willingness in their heart. That is a close connection with our life goals. Doesn't matter if it's short or long team goals. That enthusiasm can break after fails or can be even stronger than before. My example is with the martial art also an example for this. I learned how to dual wield the Nanchang and the learning process was painful. I'm right-handed and to learn, just to spin it, with my left hand hurt me. Furthermore, I was hitting my forearm a thousand times. My skin was red after an hour of practice. People asked me why do I still try and why do I don't stay down. The reason why I didn't stopped was my enthusiasm in my goal to master the Nanchang. After months of practice I did it successfully and in these days I'm not a master yet but at least I cannot hit myself. A lot of people who going to failure are also taking a risk to fail to the point where they can't try it again. That means a fail where a people can die. These are specific cases but not just death can stop us. Also, there are situations where a person just become unable to do thing what he/she did before. And yes there also situations after tragedies where we can stand up stronger than before. There was a boy who loved to ride his bicycle and do tricks with it. One day he had an accident with it in a car crash, and he lost his leg. He was in wheelchair for months, but doctors offered him a chance to make him a plastic leg. He spent a lot of time in recovery and when he was able to move by himself he wanted to return to his dream. For a lot of time he failed to do anything with his bike. He was angry and broken. But he didn't give up. After failing again and again he finally on his bike again. In this day he's riding like before the accident because he never gives up. His story is inspired me. I agree with Winston Churchill. We need to fail to learn and enjoy what we reach. We need to try and train not till we can get it right, till we can't get it wrong. And we need a goal to be enthusiastic and to never lose it, to make it stronger after every fail. We can stay in our comfort zones and try to avoid the fails, or we can face with them and get experience. 