People argue whether it's a good idea for students to study or identify a carrier of their choice when entering high school. I agree that students should commit to a career of choice when entering high school because they'll be ahead in life than many other students who don't get the opportunity to choose a career they want to learn in high school and studying their choice of career at a younger age would have them college ready. Learning a specific carrier at the time when entering high school is very beneficial to students because it would have students who do chose to learn a carrier would have them very much ahead of students who their high school's don't even offer the opportunities to learn a carrier during their years of high school. Learning and mastering a career of choice is something that students should take for granted because once mastered it can lead u to many opportunities while you're in high school or have graduated. These opportunities can lead you to Paid internship programs, college scholarships, and even a Job right after high school. Students who get to study a career of choice during their high school career would prepare them for college. Having students identify a career during there high school years would give them a better feel to go to college right after high school. Your resume would look much more achievable when colleges see you have earned a certificate for mastering a career you choose to learn during your time in high school. Learning something you want to do in the future would prepare you for college because it would almost be the same as attending a college, but without all the nice technology or lab equipment colleges or universities have. Others would disagree when I say that students should identify a career of choice when entering high school and I understand why. While some parents would want there child to study a career earlier in life, others would recommend that they shouldn't be pressured in to choosing some sort of career when entering high school because it can be really stressful for the students to already having to choose a career to pick right after middle school and other parents want there kid to enjoy life as teenager and then worry about that later. The first reason I understand, but picking a career of choice is super beneficial to that student because studying it and then getting a certificate to when passed the class will lead you to many opportunities during your years in high school and would put you ahead of many others. This is why I believe students should identify a career when entering high school. It puts them ahead of the game and prepares them for college and the future. I also believe that we should have every high school in the United States offer some sort of options of careers that students can take during there high school career and that the schools can teach in all high schools around America. 