Some schools permit their students use cellphones in classroom for educational purposes. There is so many good and bad effects allowing students use their phone for educational purposes. They can be more bad reasons than good reason because we have to think how really they are going to use their cellphones, and if it's for educational purpose. I think allow their cellphones to students is not a good idea because we know that we are young people, and we are not going to use our phone just for educational purposes; we are going to use :our apps, social media, and that is going to distract our attention in class, makes us field or test because were not using our resource for good reason; we know there are students without responsibilities and that's what make cellphones a bad option. Some people may think that use our phone in classes can be a good idea because we are going to have more access to technology at school, and more easy research for our classwork. Also people think that we are going to have more privacy for our work. Students said that they can be responsible at the moment to use their cellphones just for educational purposes. Allowing cellphones for students can have good and bad effects, it can have good effects because is an easy option for students having their phone for: research information resources, have easy access to internet, see videos educational abut the subject, and find deep information about the subject. The bad effect for students can be :they are going to get distracting, they are not going to do their classwork, and for all that reasons they can lose their classes. My first reason is cellphones in class are not good tools for students, because cellphones distract and make students lose their attention to class. My second reason is cellphones is not a thing that we need for learn because our parents, teachers, family in their time was no cellphone, and they learn by other resources like books, so is not a thing that we really need. There are computers we can use them for when we really needed. My third reason is that cellphone is not necessary for our educational purpose because we can have better resources than a cellphone ; we have the most beautiful thing in this world and that are books our better resource. Some schools allow their students to use their cellphone to an educational purpose they think that is a good idea to have cellphones in their classroom but in my opinion is a distracting thing, and is not necessary for our educational purpose ; we have good tools for example one are the books and internet but not using our cellphones at class because we know that we are not going to use for educational purpose, and cellphone are going to distract us.  