I disagree with my school adding one and a half more hours for these reasons there is no time for after school activities, going to have to give the teachers more, and your going to have to face a lot of students sleeping in class because let's admit it school is kind of boring. One reason the school board shouldn't add one and a half more hours is because there will be no time for after school activities. For example if Generic_Name has soccer practice anymore. Another example is if Generic_Name hosts computer club she can't host it because there is no time for hosting her club. Another example is if they and one hour and a half then there would be no time to have fun at school. The second reason the school board should not add one hour and a half is because you're going to have to give the teachers more money for the extra hours. An example is that if their child is sick, and they need to pick them up, but they can't because they are teaching. Another example is if Generic_Name is the boss of the school board and the extra one hour and a half she is going to have to do extra work, so she makes sure that everyone gets there pay check. Another example is teachers are going to have to make sure they have enough work for the extra time and plus they have to grade all the work the students do. The last example is that the bell schedule will be different and the people who work are going to do a lot of work to schedule lunch and everything. Another reason I disagree with my school adding one hour and a half more time is that the teachers are going to have to face a lot of tied and sleeping students. Another example is if half of the students are sleeping and tiered there is no point of teaching them because they are likely not going to do work or forget everything they learned that day. Another example is that the teachers will be angry from all the students with their heads down because they are tiered. Another example is that students and teachers have family and places to be. Another reason there shouldn't be one hour and a half is that everyone has their schedules like for example shower, homework,eat, sleep and they won't have time to do all of their schedules is why I disagree with my school adding one and a half more hours for these reasons there is no time for after school activities, going to have to give the teachers more, and your going to have to face a lot of students sleeping in class because let's admit it school is kind of boring.