On a human, the brain is the strongest part of their body. It controls your body. Also, world's one of the biggest thing from a human brain is imagination. More than 100 years ago, people used their mind to build machines, planes, rockets, television, bridges, etc. Most of the things were build my their own imagination. Our world's one of the brilliant scientist of all time Albert Einstein said, "Imagination is more important than knowledge." I think that imagination is more important than knowledge in a lot of ways." Imagination"is the power of mind to make something creative. Sometimes when you imagine something that you know you will do it no matter who stops you, It may come to real life and change the whole world. It can change a lot of things in the world that you didn't think of. For example: think that you designed a machine from your imagination about a robot maid who can help you to clean your house, do your laundry, make you dinner, washing the dishes, etc. From your idea, you made the robot, and It worked just the wanted it to work. And then your robot went to the market and the people brought it and loved the machine. How would you feel when you see your robot went viral in the world and people liking it? Your robot machine went from an imaging thing to a big successful robot machine.Also, It helps your mind get stronger. When you're thinking about anything, your brain is running from one place to another place to get the next task. In a human brain, we do 5% conscious and 95% unconscious things every day. You are learning something new every day, your brain collecting data based what you do in an everyday life basis. When you're imaging something, your brain brings back the data from your past and puts it in your imagination. In that way, you know what you should in your imaginary work. Also, In that way your brain are becoming more conscious by your little thinking process, and it's making your brain stronger every day. Imaginary can make you an open-minded person. If you are good at imaging, when you are gonna talk to other people, and they try to explain you their situation, First, you will imagine yourself into that situation. Second, you will understand what they have been gone through. Then you will think what should I do to make that person feel better. Next, you will give them some helpful advises that will make them better. If they feel safe around you, they will be more comfortable to tell more about them in the future. In conclusion, I think imagination is better than knowledge. It makes you a good person, It makes you open-minded, It helps your brain to get stronger. And that way you will be able to help others' 