Do you think people accomplish more if they are always doing something or do you think inactivity serve as a purpose? Thomas Jefferson wrote,"Determine never to be idle... It is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing." Many people think that they accomplish more if they are always doing something. When people are always doing something, they are always learning new things and gaining experiences. Some people think that the more they do, the more they achieve because being idle will not lead you to success and nobody is going to come and accomplish things for you. Therefore, much may be done if people are always doing somethingCertainly some people think that inactivity serve as a purpose because people can be physically inactive but mentally active, and they might be creating wonderful things in their minds. Still others think that being inactive does not mean that they are being idle because they already achieved their dreams, and they are satisfied with what they have so that is why they see inactivity as a purpose. Others might think that not everyone has the opportunities to being always doing something, and they do not have more option that being inactive. However, people accomplish more if they are always doing something because they learn new things in the process of doing something. They learn more about themselves and about others. They learn how to interact and connect with others and how to fit in different environments. People who are always doing something gain more and new experiences that will help them later in life also gaining experiences and being in different types of environments surrounded by different kind of people will help them improve their mental maturity and also help them to have a different perspective of see world and life. In other words' people who are always doing something accomplish more, and learn more how to interact with others and gain new experiences. Furthermore, people accomplish more if they are always doing something because the more you do, the more you achieve. If people do not work and make an effort for the things they want to accomplish nobody is going to do it for them because each person is the author of their own success. Some people might be waiting that the things they want fall from the sky, or appear magically in their hands making no effort to accomplish them and idles will not lead you to success. People who are successful today is because they were always working hard and making their best effort to accomplish their goals, they know what they wanted, and they were persistent and did not give up on their goals. If people want to be successful in life they have to know that failure is part of achieving success and just have to keep trying and do not give up until they achieve their goals. Therefore, people's success is based on the effort they put to achieve it because the more they do, the more they achieve. In fact, people accomplish more if they are always doing something because they are spending their time in things that really worth it. If people are going to spend time of their life that will never get back they better spend that time doing something that worth it and doing something that is going bring positive, and good things to their life. Many people spend a lot of time or even their whole life doing things that never brought something positive or good to their life and that is maybe because they never found their passion in life and doing something you are not passionate about it is just a waste of time. Therefore, people should spend time following their dreams and doing what they truly love because when they are doing what they are truly passionate about, they will see that every effort they did to accomplish their goal worth the time they spent and the effort they put. As a result when people spend their time always doing something they accomplish more. In conclusion, people should determine never to be idle and never to conform with what they have. Always work hard and aspire for bigger things, always try to be successful and do everything and anything to accomplish their dreams, and goals and do not let anyone tell you that you can not do something because if you believe in yourself you are capable to do everything you want. People should always spend their time in things that worth it, in things that will bring good and positive things to their life. People should be always doing something and that is how they will see what wonderful things can be done by doing always something because the more people do the more they achieve and people who are always doing something are the people who accomplish the more.  