Technology allows people to complete many tasks without having contact with others.Every day after school my brother and I go to the library to do our homework, when we get there I don't have any contact with him nor him with me. Nowadays, when I go to the library I can see many people sitting there, staring at the screen of a computer without having contact with the other person that it is near them. Having access to technology has positive effects, but it also has negative effects. The limitation use of technology has negative effects on people's lives because it keeps us away from the ones that are near us, it can damage our way of living, and also it can make us to become addicted to it. While we are in touch with technology, we are keeping away our self from the ones that are near us. For example, I have this friend we have always eaten lunch together none of us have a cellphone, but one day my friend came to school with a cellphone that her mom bought for her. We were eating lunch, I was talking to her, but she was not listening to me because she was more into her cellphone than me. Technology can allow us to have contact with the ones that are far away from us, but we need to manage our time we can talk to them when we are alone and not when we are near a person that we can talk to. Having any type of technology near us while we are with somebody else it is not a good idea. Therefore, one day I decided to let my friend being herself with her cellphone, and I stop eating lunch with her. Technology send me away from her even though maybe she did not want that to happen. From that day I learned that if I want to keep the person that it is always near me, I just need to give them more attention instead of giving all my attention to a cellphone. To continue, technology can damage our way of living, it can effect us in a way that we have not even thought about it. For instance, when I turned seventeen years old my parents bought me a cellphone, from then I was too lazy to do my homework and refuse to talk to them because I have a cellphone and I can be in contact with the ones that are not near me. Access to technology made me lazy and careless about school. One day my parents decided to took my cellphone for a week I was really mad at them that I stop eating, and then I got sick. Meanwhile, technology can help people with their tasks, but it can also make people careless about important things that can be useful for their future. Some say that the use of technology have a great positive effect in our life, but I disagree with it because the use of technology it just stops us from being active with others and become careless about things that we were interested in. For example, I was really interested on taking dancing lessons, so I decided that I can just watch dancing videos in my computer, and it will be the same, but actually I did not watch the dancing lesson videos, I ended up watching something else that it does not have anything to do with dancing lessons. While some people think that technology have positive effects, I don't think the same. With the use of technology everyday we become addicted to it. Therefore, I think technology does not have positive effect on people's life it might have some positives effects, but there are more negative effects than positives. In conclusion, Technology allows people to complete many tasks and can help us to connect with others around the world but are we really giving some time to the ones that are near us? I don't think so. Let's be positive to don't let technology take away the people near us. Let's think smart we can do better in our life without being sitting there for an hour or more staring to a computer, cellphone or another electronic device when we can be enjoying the people that it is always there for us, near to us, and giving their time to us. 