Growing up, I was never into traveling. I never had a dream to go visit some popular place everyone went to. But as time went by, I had this sudden urge to go to Generic_City. The beauty of this place makes me love it. Visiting Generic_City, at least once in my life, in one of the biggest dreams I've ever had, and hopefully, it comes true. This city has been loved by almost everyone, and a lot of people talk about the beauty it has. Generic_City is one of the most intriguing places in the world, and that is another reason I would love to go there. I would love to visit this place because of its friendly people, its cheerful environment, and its delicious food. Generic_City has been one of the most popular places that people visit and enjoy their time in. If I ever have the chance to go to Generic_City, I would love to see the Generic_City in real life, because it's the site nobody wants to miss when they visit this city. Even looking at its pictures makes people get lost in their thoughts because of the marvelous view. Once I arrive, I would love to visit some family members I have in that place, and have fun with them. I have known a lot of people who have visited Generic_City and told me about their experiences. I was always so interested in their experiences because even though it makes me sad, I get to know about the different places they have visited and their reaction. Furthermore, I would say visiting Generic_City, is a once in a lifetime opportunity and people should definitely go there. I know that everyone has a different point of view, but to me, Generic_City is a wonderful place, and it's my dream to visit that beautiful city. Many people think the opposite of what I think, they may say that there are better places than Generic_City, and I agree, everyone has a right to share their opinion. Visiting Generic_City is just a dream that I want to fulfill one day and I encourage other people to do so too. No matter what dream you have, you can make it come true, if you try. After all, a dream is a dream, no matter how big.  