In some societies, students are expected to identify a career by the time they enter high school. Their courses of study In high school are selected to guide them toward a specific career. Many young students do not have the capacity of choosing a career at that time of age. I believe, that kinds' mentality about their career will change throughout high school. Student should not be required to choose a career by the time they enter to high school, because they are inexperienced to know what they want, students could choose the wrong career, and unhappy of wasting their time on a career they are going to change their mind on. Inexperienced of not knowing what they want, students could make the take wrong choices about their future career. When students enter to high school they are normally around fourteen years old, young students of that age are normally not worry about their future career yet. Students mentality starts changing abut their career when they are having more knowledge about what they really what to be. When kids are around sixteen is when are maturing about their future and looking at things differently. Students do not have the capacity of choosing their whole future career at the young of age. When students are force to choose a career when they first enter to high school, they could choose the wrong career. Most students know that choosing the wrong career could affect the latter on in the future. Let's say that they choose a career when they enter to high school, but they are unhappy. They are going to be stuck their whole lifetime with something that does not make them happy. When people work with things they like or enjoy they attempt to work harder and better. Most people change their mind almost every day about something they like or do not like, well it is the same with choosing a career. Wasting time is something no one likes to do, and specially when is about their future. Making kids choose their career at a young age could mess them up, and they would have to do things all over again. When choosing the wrong career, accepting the consequences and restart over again with a new career of their choice. Making good research, planing things out first with a good process will help with their future career. Most students are not prepared to pick their future career during high school. Most students have no knowledge of what they want to be later in life. Some students could make the wrong choice of picking a career they do not want. Changing their mind in a career could also make them unhappy of have wasted their time with something they are not interested in. Students should have enough experience and good knowledge of what their future career before they choose what they want to be.