As a teen, do you think the failure can affect your life in the future? The issue of the failure consists of going from the failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. It is a good idea to have a failure. The failure can make you better in the future. Although, the failure can improve a better way in life. Because, when someone does something that they think are bad they can to make better next time, they want to have a better opportunity in their life's, maybe in their future can have better job. In conclusion, the failure can make a different person to continue with their life and also their dreams. . The failure can help to be a get person. Although, the failure can make a different in your life. For example, if you have a failure you don't to do again, a failure can help to be a better person in the future. In conclusion, the failure can help in better ways if they think in opposite because sometime we do thing incorrect that if I have a role of failure can give a lesson to do thing in the better. While some people believe that it is a good idea to have a failure. Others argue that, it is a bad idea to have a failure. Because, all people have worries about failure, if they have a failure they want to be in this house sad. Although this high be valid, there are several important idea to be considered, such as, they can learn about the failure. Although, they don't want to make the same error the same time. For example, if you have a failure you don't want to happened again you want to make better, also they don't want the same problems can affect in the future. In conclusion, the want to learn about what the happened, they don't have the same problems case doubles in their future. The failure can give a lesson to be better in the future. Also, the failure can make people to improve to be a good person. I Think the failure can make people in good ways and also in bad too because when the people have a problem they don't want to learn they maybe want stay in the same position, in good ways can be you can exam plain others to do thing better.