Scientist Albert Einstein once said," Imagination is more important than knowledge." I agree, why do I agree with scientist Albert Einstein. When you use your imagination, you can create it in your mind first, you can invent it, you can make the world a better place with it. First, when you use imagination you create it in your mind, you can go to your happy place and just build it you see how it's. Your brain helps you imagine it right, for example in the game called Fortnite, you imagine what you want to build before you build it and how it's going to look like. In knowledge, you just know it you can't make it more beautiful. When you use imagination you can see the problems that might happen when you are trying to build something in your mind. That's why imagination is more important than knowledge. Furthermore, imagination can help you invent stuff like flying cars. I can use my imagination and think about what can I do to build a flying car and boom! Now you know how you can build it. You need imagination more than knowledge. I am not going to say you can't build flying cars with knowledge but, with imagination you can make it better. Imagination is literary an image in your mind, it's like you're drawing the things you want to invent on a piece of paper, and just adding some colors to it. In knowledge, it's like you knowing the answer to a math question or just about any question. Finally, imagination makes the world a better place, how does imagination make the world a better place. Well it has a lot of reasons, but the best reason is, it makes people happy if people are happy then there is no violence in the world. If we don't use our imagination there would be no light bulbs or nothing. If you dreamed about something, with your imagination you can accomplish that dream and make your life better, and maybe that dream was you becoming a teacher than you're making your life better and the world a better place. To conclude, scientist Albert Einstein said, "imagination is more important than knowledge." and here is why with imagination you can create in your mind first, you can invent it, you can make the world a better place with it. If you can imagine something than you do it if you imagined it right. 