Student and teachers are had opposing views on working together for various reasons. However, according to new Stanford research, when people are treated as partners working together their motivation, student are able to communicate with each other, therefore creating a better final product. Working in team also prepares students for future careers and job. Whoever they will be required to learn to cope with other people and personalities, it is valued by employers. Even though students are not agreed with each other all the time, working together is ore beneficial than working alone.Everybody ha heard someone in their life say" two minds are better than one" before right, this quote has never ranged more, and all the idea it promotes reflect crystal clear off of group work. Working in a group can be drastically reduced the amount of work you need to do as well as make thing of more efferent, whether it be a group project paperer presentation. Because it cuts down on how much work one person has to do. It allows for group to achieve more than alone. Things are also finished much quicker because of the way many people can split up different jobs in a group a people with different skill sets can do what they are best at and do not have to worry about what they are bad at, this broader range of skill can also be used to help other people members develop their own by learning from their team members. The diversity found within a group of people is one of most powerful resources a person can have when it comes to finishing a task.it lends a group of people to have many more ideas to come up with and bounce off of because many people are working"The best way to have good idea is to have a lot of the quote from Linus Parting dealing with dilemma new idea's. When dealing with abdicating an idea from thin air, it is best to have multiple people instant of one because it brings multiple ideas all have fair and different point rather than multiple ideas no opposition or diversity. Another benefit of having multiple people working in one group is that this can cause an evolutionary like phenomenon with multiple, stronger idea that complete and mulute, creating one in tribute and exceptional idea. This also comes with the help of a group, as a group can decide which idea would be main idea and smooth out the eyes. Another problem that can come up is well problem. Having a group of people can become extremely helpful for solving a problem that may come up in situations where a problem can arise, having a group of people can allow for quick and easy way to get out of a situation. Now working in a group does not have its advantage, but some things are best done although working in a group can seem to be good working alone can be better depending on the situation. Being in group full of adult and unfocused group members is infuriating and may seem like torture. Although, some people prefer working alone because they can focus better and make decision faster, in the end, it is a better to working in a group. If one does not do work the only they fail. Also being in a group fell safe. While being alone means you are much more impotent so working in groupThough working alone can be better for one reason such as anxiety. Paranoia worry about other preference, or simply because they would prefer to work alone. Working in a team is advantage over some others who are unaccustomed to doing so, it helps develop people skill decision-making skills and general expertise for putting up with others. Working in a group is also good for getting other people's opinion on group member work, as long as they do their part, oftentimes students will learn and experience more in a group of their peers than working alone which is definitely better for their future a possibly what lies ahead. Developing these skill will most likely help in the coming times of college, careers their future family and even retirement. Overall, working together is beneficial because it creates less work and allow work to be completed faster. Working together promotes constructive criticism from other member of the group, which produces a better final product, working together create different points of view with different points of view new ideas are generated. New idea create diversity is the way to success.