Some students who live far away from their schools; they prefer to attend classes from their home instead of going to a school, attending classes from their home can affect some students education and affect their lives in a future because not all the students who are taking online classes are going to complete their work. In my opinion I think is a bad idea to attend classes from your home because students can get distracted for anything, not complete their work and get bad grades. If we have online class it can be hard to these people who got distracted for anything. Once I had a friend her name was Generic_Name, and she had an online math class that she needed to be able to graduated. One day I went to her home like at 6:00 pm after school, and she was working in her online class, but honestly Generic_Name was not really working in what she supposes to be working on, yes she had her computer on and her online class open, but she was getting distracted by the TV show just because she is like the beat and the best she stops doing her work. My friend Generic_Name she supposes to do her work, but she always got distracted by her TV show, if she had decide to turned off her TV she didn't get distracted by anything, and she could be success in her online class. Students who attend classes from their home as there is anyone who is reminding them to completed the work some of them forgot to get it done, and they had an incomplete work. This year I am taking an online class, and sometimes I forget that I have to be doing all my requested assignments, and by the end of last week I got a bad score because I didn't complete my Vocabulary assignment. If I had put an alarm every day to remind me that I have to study and complete my assessments I could get a better score. Some others will say that attending classes from home can be a good idea because they can work on in any time, however,others may say that is a bad idea because they can get bad grades. Some classmate that are taking online classes they aren't reading all the directions that the class is giving ;they are just doing the work without reading and that can affect their grades. Having bad grades can make you to not pass your school year, but if wee fort we can be great. For some students is considered to take online classes, but in some point can affect them in their education. There are many students who have online classes, and they are falling because they don't have enough help, and some of they because they are not doing it. If schools provide after schools help for online classes will be helpful for all student who needed to be more success, and feel more comfortable while they are doing their work and also teachers to be checking if students are able to pass.  