Although some say schools shouldn't extend the school day two hours because some students and teachers might have work after school, actually schools should extend the school day two hours because students get enough time to do their assignments and home works also teachers got enough time to check students work properly and students can add one more subject. Some people say that schools shouldn't extend the school day two hours because some students and teachers might have work after school. But if we see that in another way instead of working after school sixteen hours with in four days we can just work eight hours in our three days weekend. Also it is been energy for instance, there is one student who works after school for three days until 5:00 pm - 11:00 pm. He came at school by 3:30 pm, and he works at 7-Eleven which is the hardest place to work. It takes 15 minute to go, and he has to at 4:45 pm to reach his destination on time. And then let's see after work he gets home at 11:00pm then he sleeps at 12:00 am. How can he focus on he's classes? This person is losing 2 things;1, losing energy2, not focusing on his classes he might fail the classes that he is taking student that wants to extend the school day will have enough time to do their assignments and home works, also teachers get more time to check the students work properly because they probably got 3 days off if is there any meeting or doing some things in school for example, if the government decide there is a meeting every Friday. However, it is better for teachers to do their work as an example they can check students work on one day of their breaks, and they can relax, hangout, playing with kids etc. Students also can do what every they want if we see one example, one student can finish his assignments and other school stuffs in one whole day and the rest of the weekend is his he gets enough time if he gets enough time then he is free from school for two days if he continues work on it, he got 2 days free every week. In addition, those who needs long time to study this schedule can help the students that who wants more time work on it. Learning is gaining knowledge, so that in these schedule students can add one more subject. However, based on this idea two argument comes from the students who want to add extra class and the students who want to extend the normal class by adding one hour for each class. Adding one hour for all classes is better to have the experience to sit for two hours and 30 minute in one class. And also it's good to work long time on one subject, but as we see in high school student this idea is trash. It can work for only in college class based on that the college students said that "one man trash is another man's treasure". When I come with my idea students can add one more subject because it is Better to get credit on that class and students can choose 3 or more elective classes. For example one student wants to take 3 classes that he have to take and pass for graduate high school he wants to learn 2 classes that helps him in the future. In Virginia law you have to take English 12 and Math classes. Also, to graduate high school it requires Personal and Financial Economics to take it. Those 3 classes are History, Biology, and one elective class to get a full credit. If the school can only learn 7 subjects this student is going to add another 1 year to learn only one class.Finally, Schools should extend the school day two hours because students get more time to do things that they have to do and it is also useful for teachers they can get enough days off. Also, teachers work harder than students, so that teachers work 4 days and 3 days off. And Students can add one class to get more credit.  