As Thomas Jefferson said "Determine never to be idle ... It is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing." I believe that Thomas Jefferson's quote is right because if people determine to never be idle, they can accomplish more than those who determine to be idle. Although some says that determine to be idle or inactivity also serve a purpose because they can accomplish something with the time or when people make a purpose to don't be idle, actually Determine never to be idle is much better because we accomplish more if we are doing something people can make proud their family and people may growth having a better future. Although some says that determine to be idle or inactivity also serve a purpose in the way of one day they will accomplish something even though they are lazy, and people determine to not be idle when they want to accomplish something and when people decide to not being wasting their time without doing anything, inactivity doesn't serve a purpose in the life and in the way of accomplish somethingDetermine never to be idle is much better because we accomplish more, we make proud our family when we do something great to our life, I have done many things in school and accomplish many goals in my life, so my parents always tell me that I make them feel proud of me for all that I have been done even though they said that it is not that easy, but they know that I never determine to be idle, and I always like to accomplish something in my life. I always like to accomplish things like having a better grade in school and learn more each day even though some classes are harder than other once, but I like to not be idle because if I determine to be idle I may just waste my time doing nothing. Determine never to be idle is much better because people can growth having a better future in their life, people can growth having a better job. For example, I want to growth by studying a career and have a better job in the future. Make more proud my family and myself I know it is hard, but all the effort that I put on it right now it will pay it back later, and I will so be thankful to myself to be a person who never determine to idle in life. And it is wonderful how much I had done I'm never going to regret about what I had been accomplished. In conclusion, if people never do something in their life, they will never accomplish something that can be a benefit for their future or make their family proud. As Thomas Jefferson said if people determine never be idle they can accomplish and have done what they want to do in their life, and it is wonderful how much people may have done if they have always been doing something and don't determine to be wasting their time. 