Some people be asking when someone ask them "where is one place in the world you would like to visit!!" Well, Those people might not have an answer for that question, but I do. You might love the place I want to go to, or you might not like it, at the end it's your choice if you like the place or not. Where is one place in the world you would like to visit this place, and what you would want to do or see once you arrive there. First, One place I would want to visit is Spain because there are beautiful places like for example Generic_City, Spain generic_City, Spain. Those are the two places that majority of the people wants to visit those places. Majority of the people want to visit Generic_City, Spain generic_City, Spain because of the soccer teams that are there. One of them it's called Generic_City and the other team called Real Generic_City. Those are the two soccer team majority of the people in this world prefer. Second, One place I would want to go specific is Generic_City, Spain because there is a stadium that's from a soccer known as the Real Generic_City. I heard that it's a good place to be distracted from all your work and issues. What I want to see when I arrive at Generic_City Spain is the beautiful statue that are in there. In Spain there is beautiful places people can go. You can go to restaurant which some of those restaurant have good food. Third, Spain it's located in Europe. Most of the people love traveling to Europe because there are some countries lots of people might like. For example, portugal, france, and more. It's so pretty if u see the country from up in the sky even tho when it's at night, all the lights will be lighting up. In conclusion, Spain might be one of the people favorite country to visit. Spain is full of history too. I just wanted to say that Spain might be the country you might want to take a break of whatever thing that's giving you a hard time. Is this country your favorite country cause this is my favorite country. Hope that this information helped you so much and to figure out if you were stuck on which country you liked the most and where you want to travel.