Schools should not have a four-day school because, some students may not have time to stay more hours, some students have a part-time job and others help parents to taking care of younger siblings. However, some people have different points of view by, believing that extending schools days that benefits the energy, resources and even helping students to learn more. An example, is just having four days work or school week. This adaptation can have good and bad benefits. Some people believe that, having just four days of school is a bad idea because a student will not have time to work or do other activities. A reason of this is because schools days will be longer and there is going to be less time for them to do activities, student will not have time to work and help their parents taking care of their siblings. One of a major idea is students will not have time to do their activities. Since school is going to end late. Students need to finish all school assignments. However, Elementary schools will end later that High schools or Middle schools. That will not left them much longer for them to pass time with their family. Students will be more exhausted, that can be really worrying because their grades can go down. Parents will not be happy with their kids grades. This adaptation can be really helpful for some people. However, it can affect some other people lives. Another reason is some students have a part-time job. They will not have time to work and even if, they have the time it's going to be difficult for them. An example, if students get out from school late they have to run to their house to get ready to go work because they may be late for work. However, going to work for them is not that easy some of them don't have their license yet. Some of them have to walk even take a public bus. Before considering the benefits of four days of school week there are a lot more disadvantages that can affect students with their normal life. The last reason is teenagers helps parents with their siblings. Although that can change because if students have to stay more at school their schedules will be longer than a normal. An example, parents will have to find someone that can stay with their kids and that means that is going to be more cost. Parents will be unhappy paying more money to a babysitter. However, is really hard to find someone that can be dependable. Even if teenagers have the time to take care of their siblings, they will not have time to do their own stuff because they have to do two things at the same time. In conclusion, these ten hours school not just affect students will affect the whole family because students will end really exhausted even, teachers will get tired too. After considering all the benefits and disadvantages there is a point about conserve energy and resources that does not make sense, if students get two more hours of school for four day that means that there is not any conserve energy or resources because we're still using the same five days hours in four days instead five days. Reasons why students should not have four-day week is because schools days will be longer and there is going to be less time for them to do activities, student will not have time to work and help their parent taking care of their siblings.