Adopting the failure is the way to become master and complete our goals. Everyone have experimented failure in some point of their lives. As the British PrimeMinister Winston Churchill once said "success consists of going from failure to failure without loss the enthusiasm". But should we really continue pursuing success after fail many times, even knowing that, it might be really difficult?. Although some say that we should give up after fail multiply times. Actually, we should not lose the enthusiasm after have failed in something that we wanted more than one time because, being consistent is a way to learn and become successful. Also, failure gives us more experience and mastery before we complete our goal. Those who believe that we should lose the enthusiasm after fail many times in what we want, have their reasons. They think that being pushing your self getting stress by starting something that you couldn't have done before, is a way to waste time because, you're not going to complete it anyway. They also believe that it's really hard to start over again knowing that if you try it one more time you might fail it all the same even though you don't achieve success. One reason why we should not lose the enthusiasm after failure is that people learn from their mistakes. A way to learn is being consistent and do not give up, even if there are many difficulties that make us think that we should leave our goals and dreams. As example of this is my friend, Generic_Name, who had to take his math test multiply times. First, he took it at the first time without even study, as result of that he didn't pass it as well. Second, the teacher gave him a second opportunity to take it. This time he studied much better than the first time, but he didn't pass it again, he felt stressful "what's going on to me" he said because, he knew that he needed to pass that test. Then, he asked the teacher for a third chance to take it. But this time he studied really hard for many hours, he also knew what the test was going to be like because he had taken it before. As result, he passed the test with a good score. What happened to Generic_Name is a perfect example why it should not lose the enthusiasm after have failed something couple times. If Generic_Name hadn't been consistent by studying and taking it more than one time, he wouldn't have passed the text. Therefore, we should never lose the enthusiasm after fail many times. Other reason why we should keep the enthusiasm even if we have failed something is that, failure gives us more experience and confidence before we complete or reach our goals. As example of this is my self. The last year I had lost to do, such as school, work and other responsibilities that required me to drive. Then, my parents decided that it was time to let me drive. I was really excited thinking in the way that my daily was going to change. But it wasn't that easy because, firstly, I had to pass the driver test, next learn how drive and finally get a car. In that point I wasn't really sure if I wanted to continue with that. Then I decided con continue it and I went to take the test, I couldn't pass it at the first time. I felt sad about it, but after studying all the rules again I came back to take on this time I was able to pass it as well. But, I still needed to get a car, fortunately my parents brought me one. Now I have a car and my driver's license even though I was hard to make it. What happened to me is a perfect example of being consistent and don't give to get success. If I hadn't been consistent even that I had failed it, I wouldn't have gotten my driver license. Therefore, we should never lose the enthusiasm after fail sometimes. In conclusion, based in those reasons I support Churchill's statement, and I agree with the important role that failure plays in the pursuit of success. Although some say that we should give up after fail multiply times. Actually we should not lose the enthusiasm after have failed something that we want because, it's a way to learn more and a way to build our confidence, and we also become successful by being consistent.  