If you could accomplish one thing in the future, what would you choose? Something I would like to accomplish in the future would be attending and graduating from college because it will make me feel successful, it will help me learn what I need in order to get my dream job, and I want to be able to be one of the first and only people in my family to say I finished college. The first reason why I would like to accomplish college in the future is because it will make me feel successful. Attending college has always been a dream of mine since I was a little kid because I'd always watch documentaries; in these documentaries people would talk about what they had to do in order to feel that their lives were successful, some people had the same reason which was that they had made the choice of attending and finishing college. Being able to have the chance to even attend college is amazing, not everyone in the world is given this opportunity. I know that college is a long time away for me, but it's coming sooner than I think. Before I know it I'm going to be out of high school and out in the real world. In order for me to feel like I'm successful I need to finish college. College gives you the information to be successful in the job of your choosing. To me being successful mean you never give up even when things get hard. These are all examples why accomplishing college would make me feel successful. The second reason why I would like to accomplish college in the future is because it will help me learn what need to know in order to get my dream job. Most jobs out in the world require you to have a higher education than high school. College helps you learn specifically about the job you want to do when you become an adult; the job I want to learn all about is a pediatric oncologist. Being a pediatric oncologist has been my dream job for a while now because I think that cancer is such a sad thing; people die every day from cancer. When I get older I want to be able to help treat and get rid of children cancer so that they a live their lives to the fullest; to me helping these kids get rid of their cancer could help prevent it form ever coming back; it doesn't mean that there is a zero percent chance that their cancer won't come back, but I want to help these kids live last as long as possible. In order for me to actually have the opportunity to apply and receive this job, I can't just have a high school diploma. There are jobs out in the world that do not require you to have a college education; maybe your dream job may not require you to attend school after you finish high school, but not all jobs are like this. These are all examples why college will help me learn what I need to know in order to get the job of my dreams. The third and final reason why I would like to accomplish college in the future is because I want to be one of the first and only people in my family to say I finished college. A lot of people in my family have not attended college due to not having the funds to afford it, having to stay home to take care of a family member, and most just didn't see the point of even attending in the first place. I know that no matter what my parents would do whatever was needed to be able to give me the opportunity to attend college. Personally, one of the huge reasons why I want to finish college is because of my mom. While my mom was attending college she ended up having me; she was a single parent at the time, and she did whatever she needed to provide for me. One thing she never got to do was finish college. She stopped all of her dreams just so she could always be there for me. My mom has such a big influence n my life and I want to be able to finish college for her; I want her to see that all of her hard work paid off and make her proud. Knowing I have my mom supporting me no matter what keeps me going every day, I don't give up on things to show her that I can do anything I put my mind to. Overall, this is why I want to be one of the first and only people in my family to say I finished college. In conclusion, not everyone may want to accomplish the same thing, everybody is different, but at then end of the day there's one thing that I want to accomplish the most. Something I would like to accomplish in the future would be attending and graduating from college because it will make me feel successful, it will help me learn what I need in order to get my dream job, and I want to be able to be one of the first and only people in my family to say I finished college.