Dear School board, Why does a student's education matter? To me, it is extremely important because it can affect them for their entire life in positive or in negative ways. It could lead them to a job with a seven-figure salary, or to work a part-time job at a fast food restaurant making minimum wage. What's also important to me is the learning experience. I believe learning should be fun, interesting, and not stressful for students. That's why I agree with the school board's plan to extend the school day by one and a half hours, because that way, students wouldn't feel rushed and would have more time to learn, teacher will have more time to teach and using new ways, and the school year would be a little shorter. To begin with, I agree with the school board to extend the school day because students wouldn't feel rushed, and they would have more time to learn. Right now, each of our periods are only about 50 minutes, which I think really isn't a lot of time to learn once you start working. If one and a half hours is added to the current school day, we would have at least an hour for each class. This way, the students would have more time to complete projects, assignments, or just have more time to really understand the subject without feeling rushed. I know this because right now, I am working on a project in science class that we only have two class periods to finish, which totals for just about one and a half hours! I am not saying that a little push isn't necessary or beneficial, but the extra time would definitely boost the quality of the student's work at our school without rushing them. Secondly, I think the school board should increase the school day by one and a half hours because that will let teachers have more time to teach, while using unique ways to do so. With the students having more time to learn, the teachers could potentially also have more time to actually create a better learning experience. Extending the day ensures that teachers would be able to thoroughly explain new concepts and materials, while also teaching using better or more effective methods that wouldn't have been possible because of the shortage of time. For instance, sometimes we have educational scavenger hunts, where the teacher lays the information throughout the campus, and we would have to find them. The issue is, we've never been able to finish, not because it wasn't possible to, but because there simply wasn't enough time. Those kinds of educational activities are, in my opinion, very fun, but it's also effective. So if we have more time, I am sure that some teachers would plan and teach more using different ways which are beneficial to both the student and the teacher. Lastly, the school board's plan to extend one and a half hours to the school day is something I strongly concur with because school will be out earlier in the summer. While I do enjoy school very much, I think summer break is something that everyone looks forward to. The days that are cut down because of the increased time allows students to attend more activities and spend more time together with their families. Even though the students aren't at school, they could still be learning something new on their own. For example, they could be learning how to play an instrument, training for sports, or learning how to speak another language, which are all very helpful for them. Also, the teachers could be attending conferences which lets them collaborate with other teachers on creating newer and more efficient methods to teach, which will help everyone in the long run. In conclusion, the reasons why I agree with the school board to extend the hours are because students wouldn't feel rushed, teachers would have more time to teach in unique ways, and school will be out sooner in the summer. Although I think there are many more reasons why the school day should be longer, those are the main ones. There are just so many benefits that this extended time would create; possibly having an effect on the entire community. This is not an immense amount of change, but it can be a big success, which is why I think you should really consider extending the school hours. Sincerely, Generic_Name