When you see people doing their work do you sometimes think they are feeling alone doing their work. I mean the teacher ask them if they want to work with a group or do it alone, but they always chose to do it alone because they don't know anyone in the class, or they don't feel like working with anyone that means they wanted to look cool about it. So that would mean more work for them, What I feel that is more beneficial is working in a group. When working in a group you have less work to do because everyone has a different job to do for example, let's say you have a project, and it is a group project everyone has a job to do like one person could be doing research, another person can be working on the poster/PowerPoint, and the last person can be the one presenting it to the class. People could say that working alone is better and much quite, However working in a group means to making new friend and getting the work done much faster. Working in a group isn't really that bad you can have some fun when you are working in a group like making new friend asking when they can stay after, so you can do the project together or going to each other's houses planning on what you should do with your project. But it is really fun when you are working with your friends, Working with your friends is fun because you would be laughing all day, and you might or might not get some work done but that just depends on the kind of friend group you have. There are some who would be focus and get the work done, but there are others who would be laughing and get nothing done. People could say that working with friends is distracting, However having to work with your friends would be really easy and fun. It's much easier for the students to work in group the can get together and work things out with each other instead of them doing it alone, and they don't have anything planed like no ideas at a lot then it's good to have a group because they can bring new ideas. New plans like everyone can have their ideas on their project plus it would be nice seeing what the student made see what each student has. It just shows that everyone had different themes of there project. So when you work alone you just only see one person's ideas and that fine but when you are in a group you see everybody ideas. Other might people say that one mind is good enough, However many minds would make a difference. The reason people work by their self is that they might think that working in group is too distracting, and it's not fun when people keep on talking. But working with other people will help make things faster and fun, but also you get to give your own opinion about things, and you get to work together plus you get to learn a lot from your group.  