Some school districts offer programs that allow high school students to graduate in three years instead of the traditional four years. I agree with this position. I believe that it is a good idea for students to finish high school in three years and enter college one year early. Although, some people think that it is not a good idea for students enter college or the work force one year early, nevertheless it can be helpful, because it can help students to start early to college, then they can have enough time to choose what they will want to study, and it's also going to promote them to be efficient and take advantage of the time, they will have. When people have to take an important decision, regularly, they think, and they look carefully at all their options. If the students graduate one year early, they will earn time to correctly choose what profession they're going to take, and then they will have enough time to elect the college or university where they feel comfortable to go. This is significant, because of one decision depend on the future; the experiences that people going to live. With enough time students can give attention to their most important interests, thoughts, and consider possibles changes if it's require. Also people can take advantages of the time that they have, one year is not too much, but in one year is the opportune for students to select an exceptional career and work and what they always dreamed. The time is an investment and students have to take advantage of that. Some parents, students, and teachers think that if the students graduate a year early, they won't have time free to play, to share with their families, or to do others activities. The reality is that it going to improve the performance of the students. This method will catch the attention of them, and it will show them their priorities. The children have the right to have their free time, but also the parents have the labor to teach them that are precedence that they have to comply with. For example, I took English 10, in summer school in Generic_City, but I was living in Generic_City, I drove every morning, one hour to arrive to my summer school, it was hard wake up early and then drive, but now, I'm sure that it was the best decision because I'm at few steps of my graduation. People always have to remind that to can get extraordinary rewards, people have to do extraordinary efforts. On the other hand, some people are not agreed with those that offer the special program to graduate early. The opposition believe that students are not sufficiently prepare to graduate before of the schedule time. The contrary side, also think that students have to complete all their high school years to be ready to go to the college or the work. People that is in the opposite side not coincide with the programs that allow high school students to graduate in three years. In addition, some parents are not agreed with the options that the program give to their children; to take courses during the summer or in the evenings. Parents refer to this like "an extra pressure to students." There are people that suggest that the better choice is that the students complete their four years of high school; however, it can prolong that time for students to graduate. To conclude, it's important to emphasize that in certain cases the pressure is a tool that help people to protrude in their projects and in the life in general. When people take risks, and they have the courage to do reality their goals, they're going to achieve all of them. The time that people invest in positive actions are transcendent to achieve their goals. The program offer an essential support to students, that going to be useful and it's going to show to students that they have the capacity of active their goals, before that they believed, they just have to establish their academic purposes and demonstrate that they have the capacity to achieve it. The program is a great opportunity to grow and success, one year can be the big difference, and it can approach us closer of that dream.