To conserve energy and resources, some businesses have adopted a four-day work week, the benefits is that in the school have that conserve energy, the students have that adopted to your work, and the school and conserve energy, and resources. It is for the student that in the school learning about the important that is conserved energy and resources of the businesses. I said that can adopted to the school and the businesses. I believe that the students have more responsibility in the life. The students have big responsibility in the life because the work and the school are important, the students have capability of have a business and go to the school. The student have that be sure of work and that take good grade in the school. The work in the businesses can't affect the grades in the school. The work is part of a life and also go to the school. The students can have a job and go to the school, can work in the homework after or before of the school. The businesses have adopted a four-day work week is a good responsibility for the adolescents because learning to share with the job and the school. The work not affect of a student in nothing in the school. The work in the businesses is important for the life because learn to mature and learn to have a big responsibility for the life. The student can work after of the school and every have good grade in the class. The study have that conserve energy and resources for the school and for making the homework and study for test, other thing. The study in the school can that the student after have problem for sleep and go to trade in the school. The advantages of have job is good because the work help in the development of the person. The advantages of a job and the school help to have responsibility in the life. The advantages of go to the school and working is very important with person help knowledge of the responsibility. The advantages are development with person and with responsibility. The advantages are good for a person with a good capacity intelligent. The advantages are that the people can have a good responsibility. The advantages of have a job and study is that help to grow with person. The advantage is had something and demonstrate that a can with job and study. The advantages are that the time of the school can combine with the job for that the student have time. The disadvantages are big responsibility for a student because not help in the school with your grades. The disadvantages are that go tired in the school is the tired. The disadvantages are because not get good grades in the test. The disadvantages are bad grades in the class only take F. The disadvantages is that in the school not pass the class because they work in the businesses. The disadvantages are not approved work as this in the school. The disadvantages are not good because fall the grades in the class of school. The disadvantages is that the students not can with the job and study because exceed can be bad. The disadvantages are big responsibility for a student because they not this ready for a big responsibility. The disadvantages can weaken our mind and energy. In conclusion, have a job as these in the school, can be a good because a have more responsibility in the life and can mature more. The student can have the job and go to the school. They have a work and study help with person to have responsibility in the life and make more intelligent in every the aspect. They have a job help to develop our mind. They have a job and study can be bad for our health because use the mind. They have a job and study is good every and when get good grade in the school and not carelessness the class and the test or homework. The students have conserved energy and resource for the school and the work because it is important the energy in our body and mind. The student can tire because the work and study is very difficult for the student. The work and study can the student have much problem because not good sleep. The students have that develop your mind and sleep the time corrects. The study is good because have a big responsibility and can mature for the life. The study and word is very good because is a big responsibility.  