I disagree, I think if you are honest all the time, you might say some mean things to a person, which might hurt their feelings. First, being honest is good, that's how you earn trust. However, keep some things to yourself if you think it's not positive to say to another. Second, It might make the person feel bad if you do say something harsh to them. Lastly, A person might see you differently if you're honest constantly, Whether it was nice comment or a mean comment you said. Firstly, there isn't a lot of honesty when there needs to be at times. Sometimes you have to say what's right in order to not hurt someone's feelings from what you said. For example, your friend and yourself have to be honest in some cases to earn each other's trust for the other person to be honest in return. Secondly, not being honest might lead you to trouble, if they might have found out you lied to them later. They might give you respect if you're not lying to them and not saying malicious stuff about a person. Secondly, If you are honest "all the time" some people might see you ask a snitch from the way you are saying everything to a person. For example, a teacher comes up to you and asked you a question on what a person did you would have to be honest and say the truth. I also think that "honesty" and "truth" are a similar word because, you have to do both in order to be honest constantly. The truth is that honesty can get you into a very bad situation if you have to be completely honesty with a teacher. By the wrong person you talk to, you might accidentally start a riot. Lastly, you should be careful on how honest you are to people, because you don't know whether they are going through some stuff you are pointing out to them. Being truthful to someone and saying everything to them might make them upset on how you view stuff in the world also. Honesty is like an opinion that may cause someone that went through something upset them drastically. This is why I disagree that honesty is the best policy. From the situation you are in say respectful stuff towards the person. It might make you a better person if you are not saying negative things towards a person too. In conclusion, I disagree with "Honesty is the best policy" by the situation you are in with the person and what they are going through. May cause them to dislike themselves in a way you wouldn't know.