Let's be honest if you're yourself and not faking who you are in this world you'll become a better person in this world. One thing you don't ever forget is to be honest, and to be real with yourself and everyone around you. Girls, if you're reading this please don't make the same mistakes that I did in my past be always honest with your partnership or whoever, because the consequences are not how you might think. When I was in 8th grade I met this person I was so in love with him, he adds me on Snapchat so that same day that he add me I post a picture that I was in the field,35 minutes after he texts me I was so happy, and nervous because I liked him, so we start texting, but we never talked in person, a week pass by, and he starts to being disrespectful with me, playing with my feelings I knew that we were just friends in those time. One day I told him that I want him to be honest with me, he always said that he was honest with me,2 week pass by he were keeping playing his little games and I did not say anything I just leave his message in delivered,1 years pass by he texted me saying that he felt so bad for everything he did to me in the past, i just told him everything that I felt for him in the past, but he was not honest with me. Girls, let me tell you my big mistake that I did, we talk about 5 months as a friend after we talk for 5 months he makes me his girlfriend, at the time I was still feeling butterfly for him that first years it been perfect like any relationship, those 12 months I was so happy, i always told him that he was ''the love of my life'' and I just say it for everything we went through since middle school also, because he was my first boyfriend and my parents were fine that I was dating him because they thought he was a good person. Girls, find a guy who is real with you all the time they might be a lot of guys out there that can pretend that he is in love with you. Yes, they might be real and make you feel butterfly 5 months or 6,but things changes in this life person change not everything is always the same, anyways he started to lie to me when I knew that truth of that problems is when he starts to hurt me all the time but when you love someone you let them hurt you, so I keep letting him hurt me, i started crying and to supplicated to stop hurting me he stops like any relationship we were okay for a week, and then he started doing things that hurt, he started talking to girls, and cheated on me but us girls we so dumb that we keep them.2 Years after I was in depression I did not tell my parents they found out when they take me to the hospital because I passed out in my room crying, without eating for days I was in the hospital for a week after that I was able to go they take me to therapy. After 5 months of going to therapy, i was able to talk him to close a chapter because I learn to forgive but in my heart I felt hate for him what I told him was "I love you but I love other person more than you and that person i'ts me" yes, he cried, but he did not deserve me.Finally, I let toxic people leave my life, i'm not going to lie like I'm afraid to talk a guy again because I feel they will hurt me. I'm not thinking to go out with a guy because girls you have to love yourself to be able to love other person. In conclusion, if you are honest with yourself your life will be okay without any problem.  