Have you ever wondered when is it a good idea for people to start thinking about what they want to do for a living? They are many reasons why high school kids need to start thinking about what they want to do for a living. I'm going to tell you why it is a good idea for high school kids to have a (an) idea of what they want to do for a living. However, some people think it's a bad idea for them to start thinking what they want to do for a living. If people don't start knowing what they like at a young age then they will not know what the want to do in the future. We should start knowing what we want to do by the end of high school for many reasons. When we finish high school we should go straight to college, so we can study about what we want to do. They're many people in the world that still don't know what they want to do; and that is because they didn't know what they want to do. You should always know what you want to do for a living once you're out of high school. People in high school only think about living life and not thinking about what they want to do for their life. They're many people in high school (including me) that just want to live life without a job and just got party. Life doesn't for that way. If you want to work at McDonald, Burger King, etc. the won't be able to party like you want. All your going to do is work, work, and work all day. If you start think about what you want to do for a living right now, then when your older you won't be working all day. You will be able to take a vacation or have time with your family. Some people think that if you wait until you an adult to know what you want to do, then it's better, but that's not what I think. You should know what you want to do by the end of high school. Then when your older, like in your 50s or 60s then you can retire and not bust your butt of working at a minimum wage job for your whole life. That's my reasons why I think it's better to know what you want to do for a living once you're in high school.