Technology has becoming powerful that let students and teachers to give and receive classes online. Disadvantages or advantages of taking classes online? This question are faced today by students deciding taking online classes. Often students work part or full time jobs while going to school or collage, so their time is valuable. These students want to make the right decisions in choosing classes so knowing the disadvantage and advantages is important. I believe that online classes is a good opportunity for students as it gives flexibility, they often offer any type of class desired and provide access to faculty, and they often offer accelerate courses. To begin with, one of the best advantage of online classes is flexibility. A student can usually take the course any time during the day or week. While there are custom essay writing and researching assignments to complete, the precise time to take the class often depends on the student's desire. Students who work are able to take the class based on their schedule. Many students work on afternoon. The flexibility makes it possible for a person to complete the course, while attending school or collage courses in person might be impossible due to their work schedules. Secondly, another great advantage of online courses is that almost any type of course can be found online. Distance learning course are often available from a number of collages. A person can simply use the Google to find a class. While most people believe a disadvantage of taking online courses is that the students can not have access to faculty a member, the fact is that many online courses offer a grater access to faculty. Shy students are able to ask questions and receive the answer back almost immediately. Lastly, Online courses are convenient for most undergraduate and graduate students who can study when they want, and they can finish writing or researching assignments based on their own person schedules. The fact is online classes offer flexibility and convenience that are often vital to students who work and have families. In addition, many students are looking for classes that are advanced to complete the course faster. The best way to advance in the class is to make it online because in the regular schools it takes a long time as there are students who get behind, and the teachers wait for them since everyone has to go at the same time. To conclude, with online classes, students do all the work at their own pace. As long as they meet their deadlines and participate appropriately online. Also, studying online requires more self motivation and time management skills because students will spend a lot of time on their own without someone physically close to keep them focused on deadlines. Online course will not only teach students geology or poetry, it will also help them become more self-motivated, a trait that will make them stand out in the workplace and beyond. It will teach educators to be mature choosing right decisions as it will make them explore more and be students with an open mind.  