Do you think is a good idea for student to identify a career at a young age? In this paper, I will argue about the idea if students should commit to a career at a young age. I think that commit to a career at a young age is a great idea, because it helps student to prepare for the future. I think is a great idea, because students decide there future at a young age. The student is not going to have time to be doing bad things with their friends, they are going to focus more in the school and in there future. And that way we as student we are going to have batter future, we can be more batter in what we do. It will help us to be more mature, it will help us to act like adult, because we are doing things of adult. It will help us to appreciate the life. I know many people that they witch they could have a better career, but they don't have it, because they haven't being associate with career courses. I have a friend that he would love to have the career that he wants, but he didn't have experience in what he wants, because he had never being associate with the career that he wanted, when he took the decision to have the carer that he wanted, it was to latte. That is why is better to commit to a career at a young age, because it will help us to be more professional in are career. That will help us to be more responsible. It will help us a lot to know what we want for are future and what is better for us. It will help us to decide are future. I have a sister that she have great skill, and she is really focus on what she wants to be in her future, and she is doing her best to make her dream's reality, however is too hard to make her dream really because I think she is not ready for the career that she wants, she doesn't have that much experience. It would be much better if she would commit to that career at a young age. She would have more experience, she would be more prepare, she would be more professional. I know many people that would love to have a better career, but they don't have it because they don't have experience, and they give up easily, because they feel that they are not ready. Commit to a carer at a young age it makes us to more professional. Some people say that commit to a career at a young age is not a good idea, because they are too young, and they don't know what they want, and Also they are going say, that commit to a career at a young age will ex tress the student and that student is not going to have time for there friends, they would argue that identify a career at a young age is not good idea, because student at a young age are not ready for identifying there career, they would say many things, but they are wrong because identify a career at a young age make us, as student more professional and help as to know what we want to be in are future, and identify a career at a young age is like identify are future. Identify are future at a young age make us more professional. In the future the number of unemployment people will decrease, because the student are going to be more professional, they will commit to a career at a young age and that way the life will be easier. It would be fewer people doing bad things, the students are going to be more responsible, we will be better in what we do. But for that we have to give the example to other generation.