I despise it when someone your close to says "you can't be like me, you have to be better than that." What right do you have to speak on what I have done, when you have done things people could not even imagine? This is why when it comes to someone you look up too or base your personality off of, make sure it is one who has credibility. Like people always say "you are who you hang around with." For example, being around friends who act in illegal activities your bound to do those things too. A man with honor, integrity, and takes responsibility for what he does will be respected because of his behavior. Being a good role model is especially true when it comes to children. For example, have you ever had a little cousin or your best friend's baby sibling copy the same exact words that come out of your mouth? Be careful what you talk about around a kid because they repeat what you say; furthermore, it might not seem like it, but they can process everything you say. This is how in parts of the country people have various accents and pronounce words differently. When you grow up in a certain neighborhood or even in you household, while aging you will be using the different terms and phrases people around you use because that's all you have ever known growing up. So staying away from words that can't be used in a school or around family is your best bet. A celebrity has an even greater audience when it comes to setting an example for others. People of all types of ages watch them, they are the ones who set the trends, the news revolves around, and control social media. When a celebrity messes up they get the most hate; however, if a celebrity does a great deed like a charity event then they're praised for it. They attract the most attention and most of those eyes are teenagers, who need the most advice and a figure to follow. For teenagers this is who decides for them if they'll be on the streets or in the books because famous people are who they spend most of their time with. Teenagers are always watching, whether on social media, a reality show, a sports game, or a movie, celebrities are dominating the world right now. No mater who it is, a person always have some type of influence on somebody. That is why you should just hold that anger in next time you get in a fight because people are watching. Do some charity or show them you're cleaning up the environment; in addition, just effect others positively. However, some would say setting example does not matter or no one pays attention to that, it is surprising how many people are effected by a person's behavior. Showing a good example with behavior does not necessarily mean change who you are, it just means be careful of the words that are exiting your mouth. No one would want their own kid to be effected by a bad role model.  