Sometimes take classes from home not can be held students to improve their learning. Although some schools offer distances learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way online or video conferencing. I disagree to students take the classes on home because they not learn the same as in the school, if students have a question, or doubt did not have a teacher to asking, and Students did not have the same option as others students. The students who take classes from home, not learn the same in the school and this can be been difficult for them. For example, most of the students lose the test because they forget the importation that they learn in online classes and the time of the test they not remember anything. Sincerity, take classes from home it is difficult for students the short learning because they not have the same capacity as others students. The students can be improved in the school more that from home, because from home they're teaching they self. In addition, most school believe that give classes from home can be held students, but this is a big error. If the students have a question, or doubt did not have a teacher to asking since, they answer themselves. For example, sometimes the students do not know how to make homework, project, etc., and they need someone to held them. Also, all students need a teacher to explain everything that they need to make, and if they make the classes from home is impossible to make the thing good if did not have a teacher. It not the same to make the classes online or in school because in online it is person who teaching for only a short moment, nevertheless in the school the teacher teaching for like 8 hours and held in soothing that students need. In effect, some students do not have capacity to make the classes from home, they're needing to make the classes in the school to learn more. Students did not have the same option as others students like the time or the learning. For example, most of them have a job, and they not have the time to take the classes from home, because they lose the time in the job and when they're going to the home they are tired and only going to sleep. While, the others students improve their life in the schools the others students who make the classes online not learn anything because they not have time. Make the classes from home it is not necessary for students because they can go to school every day and work after school and with this method they have more chance to improve they're learning. Truly, The school give the option, but the students have the choice. In conclusion, they not learn in the classes from home that in the school, and this can be affect their learning. They're teaching themselves because in home they do not have a teacher to held them. They not have same opportunity like others students because they can be not have time to make the all thing. Some school have this option, but it is not a good idea for students because they not focus on online classes, and they fail.  