I remember one summer vacation, that my family and I took, where we went to another state to visit another relative that we haven't seen in a while. Summer vacation had been the same for many years, summer vacation is when teenagers take a break from school to enjoy what they like to do during their free time. By having a long summer vacation, does not affect students to retain information from the past. Teens should know that summer vacation is when they can enjoy their break to do what they want for fun. First reason, why teens should know that summer vacation is for them to enjoy, is because they can spend time with their family. For example, the whole family can get to another state to visit another relatives that they have not seen in a while. By spending more time with their family; consequently, teens can be closer to their family. Teens can also, enjoy their summer vacation with their family by playing video games, watching movies, and go on a road trip. Another reason, why teens should know that summer vacation is for them to enjoy, is that they can hang out with friends. Teenagers hangs out with friends to go to a party, or to watch a movie. By hanging out with friends teens can do what they think is fun for them and their friends. For example, teens can have a fun time playing pool with their friends or just by going to a gym. In addition, teens can also have fun with their friends by having a sleep-over or go for a camping trip. Lastly, on why students should know that summer vacation, is for them to enjoy, is that they are away from school, by being away from school students can have more time to have fun and do the things that are important to them. For example, students can stay up late and does not have to wake up early in the morning. However, teens can have more time in their hands, instead of having to learn. In conclusion, these are the three most important opinions, on why teens should know that their summer is for them to enjoy, by having more time for summer vacation, teens can enjoy more time with their family and friends.