Opportunity to Graduate Earldom school districts offer programs that allow high school students to graduate in three years instead of the traditional four years. The programs include some activities that can be complete during the three years, taking place in summer or after school. Student also cannot take elective classes, they need to take the necessaries to be able to graduate with all the requirements. These programs give a lot of opportunities for students. This is a good idea for student to finish high school in three and enter to college or the work force one year early because they will be able to be educated younger and earn time. Students have a lot of labor opportunities in jobs if they are able to finish their education early and being younger. For example, to work in a company; normally the company employer wants to have young employees, but at the same time, employees with experience. If students finished early they education they can begin to work earning experience and skills. Having a positive result for their capacities and opportunities for be selected or contract to the jobs. Also, young people have more physical resistance than elder people, in this way they can permanence working more time and harder. This kind of opportunities are benefits for their future employments. Earn time it is important for every person and more important for students. For example, they can accomplish college early. If student finish high school in three years they can begin go to college one year early. In this way they can begin their preparation for the career they choose to study and finish it to be a person educate and have a stable employment. Save and earn time forming part of this programs help the students to have a better future with a good education. There is a lot of people that are disagreed about the programs that allow high school student to graduate in three years. Some points of view of this people are that student should have fun in summer instead to go to school. Also, they say that student should not stay after school, they should take advantage of their time to focus on other activities or working. However, student should be allowed to form part of these programs because it is give beneficial opportunities for their education. Benefits in jobs and ingress early to college. There are some school programs that give students the change to graduate in three years and not in the normal four years. Students should use this programs because it is a lot of beneficial possibilities to take advance. Advance to finish their education younger to have better opportunities in jobs. Advance to earn time, finish their education, and have a career early. Be part of these programs is the best idea for students that want to improve them self.