The one thing I hope I accomplish is to get a high paying job. I would want a high paying job since it could pay off many things that I don't need to pay later. My reasons are to travel to many places I've never been to, buy many things as I want without spending my family money's, and I would try many foods that could be expensive. One reason why my accomplishment is getting a high paying job is to travel around the world or place that I have never been to. Traveling around the world could be really expansive since your going to buy many things you would need or don't need. Sometimes traveling depends on where you are going since some places are cheap or expansive. Having a lot of a good amount while traveling is a good because you could do anything you want with that money while your not at home. I think having a high paying job is good for traveling is not always cheap, you can buy anything you've ever wanted and not worrying much about using too much money. The next reason is to buy many things as I want without spending any or some of my parents or family members money. This is important because it wouldn't matter much if you used you own money but if you use your family money you might have to pay them back later on. Another reason is going out when you want to and you don't really want to spend your family money because you need a lot since you could be going to many places. When you want to take your family out to a really nice place or a place where you think they would enjoy or relax, you can just surprise them by already getting it done and paid off. Another reason it is a good idea to get a high paying job, to not spend your family money. The last reason is trying many foods that could be expansive. From my experiences I know that most places has really expansive food that is perfect. I also know that going to a super fancy restaurant is expansive since all the foods could be perfect or just a rip-off. Sometimes going to really fun places or vacations foods are expansive because it could taste good and many people would, might want to try some, also if it was cheap many people would've gone crazy. Paying for good expansive food is worth it's then paying too much for something that taste bad. In conclusion that a high paying job is good for traveling to places you've never been to, spending lots of money without using your families' money, and eating or buying really expansive foods. Going to places you have never been to is great. Spending our own money lets us buy anything we want. Also buying or trying new foods is really nice when you can buy it. This is why I want my accomplishment to be a high paying job.