I don't think that school districts should allow students to graduate early. I believe that this is a bad idea because students have to take more classes than what you usually take, students would have to stay after school or maybe even take summer school, so they can get enough credits to graduate early, and students would be very stressed having to learn all this material for each of their classes, since they won't be taking any electives. For these reasons, I don't think school districts should allow students to graduate early. Students who are graduating early, will have to take extra classes during the school year, so that they can earn the credits for their classes. In many schools, you have to have at least four credits in one subject, so that means the student will most likely have to take two classes of one subject to earn the credits for that one specific subject. Some students graduating early, might have a difficult time being all caught up in each of their classes, which can lead to them having to stay after school to take tutoring classes in case they don't understand the material being taught. Most students, will either have to take school during the summer or they stay after school to take extra classes. Students who stay after or do summer school do this, so that they can earn all the credits they need to graduate early. Students who choose to do summer school don't have to take that many classes when they go back to school, since they already took some classes during the summer. Students who choose to stay after school to take extra classes, will have to stay in school longer, so they can learn all the material for the subjects that they are taking after school. Students will be stressed and under pressure when it comes to learning and studying for each of their classes. They will be stressed because they're going to have to study for a lot of their classes, when they take tests, and sometimes they can have tests in multiple classes on the same day, which means they are going to have to study for multiple classes. Same thing applies with homework, they will feel under pressure to get all their work done. They wouldn't be taking any electives, so that means all their classes will be hard, since elective classes are usually easy. This is why I think that graduating early is a bad idea, because students will be very tired and stressed trying to catch up on school work. If you do four years of High School instead of three years, everything will go a lot slower than three years, and also you will be less stressed, when it comes to catching up on school because you will have fewer classes to worry about. This is why it's better to do four years of High School.  