Generic_Name thinks the school should control students involvement in extracurricular activities. Students are in extracurricular activities to enrich their educational experiences. Some people think schools should control student involvement in extracurricular activities because they would know if the students grades are good enough to enroll in an activity or more. Other people think students and families have the decision to pick whether students should be involved in a extracurricular activity because the school can't force you do a sport you don't want to do, and they can't push away your dreams of playing a sport. Generic_Name thinks schools need to control students involvements in the extracurricular activities because not a lot of parents care if they children have time for extra assignments, or they don't care if their kids stay out late to participate in any activity related to school. First, people think schools should decide students involvement in activities. Some students want to play many sports but not all of them will have time to complete homework assignments or study for any quizzes and tests. For example Generic_Name's older sister use to play two sports. One was related to school and the other one was outside of school. She never had time to do her homework, so her grade was going down. She also had to study for her tests, but she didn't have time since she was practicing her sport too much, and so she failed the grade. Secondly, other people think students and families have the decision to pick whether students should be involved in activities. An example is Generic_Name's friend wouldn't want the school to not let him play the sport he has always been wanting to play. Generic_Name's friend thinks it wouldn't be fair to force him to play a sport he doesn't like. Generic_Name, Generic_Name's friend would like to play a sport to distract his mind if he is stressing or is having depression. Generic_Name also wants to have the choice to pick any sport he would like to play but also wants to finish his work in class or study his tests during lunch or before school, so he doesn't fail. Lastly, the majority of people think schools need to control students involvement in activities because not a lot of parents care if their children have time for assignments or to study for tests. In general parents don't care about their kids schools or grades, so they won't worry if their kids are out late for any sport. One example, Generic_Name's aunt don't care about his cousin Generic_Name, so she is always out late. Generic_Name wants to try a sport in school, so she can get a scholarship to go to college since her parents don't care about her, but she wants to be someone in life and do better things. She wants to decide on her own if she should join a sport or not. I think the school should control the students' involvement in sports. The school should control the students involvements in sports because they're can be students that want to get a scholarship by playing a sport but also want to have time to finish classwork they couldn't finish in class or study their test to not fail the class. I also think school should control the students' involvement in activities to take their mind of things that are distracting them or stressing them.  