Positive attitude is the key to a successful and happy life. Now days' people with positive attitude can achieve things so easily, because they have the confidences of doing such activity with their best. Students with positive attitude can get higher grades, being on tasks, and never give up. Which will impact on their way of learning, understanding the topic, and do better in their exams. Having positive attitude will increase students' braveness towards their goals. They will have the confidence of knowing what they are doing throughout their career. 4/5 percent of People in the world have positive attitude to their daily activities, and they are successful in it, but the rest who is not showing positive attitude towards their issues will lose the right path, and stay behind. It is important for people to have positive attitude, because it makes our identity, and someone with that energy will always be the best in his/her duties. Having positive attitude will make the person be successful in his life, caring a lot about others, and get better job. In order to be successful person in our life we should have positive attitude and give our best effort to achieve our goals. Having positive perspectives will keep high level students away from ordinary, because the way of their thinking, ability of knowing, and taking actions to solve their problems, but with positive attitude it will make them be a successful person in their live. People with positive attitude will act with integrity and honesty. Also, they will respect the dignity of others, and take responsibilities for their actions and consequences. However, they seek and share ideas, information, and their experiences with others to better understand and change the world. They will take advantage of the available opportunities such as, scholarships that will help them pay for their college fees, great colleges offers which will make them reach their goals, and be a successful person in his/her journey. Their will be struggles that would keep them from reaching their goals, but with such attitude it will keep them focus on their studies, and become a successful person in his career. Secondly, with positive attitude people care a lot about others, they show empathy and respect to the needs and feeling of others. They do not judge others by their looks, color, clothing, race, knowledge, and ability of doing what is needed. They are open-minded except others on what they are good at, not on where they came from, or what they have done in the past. Furthermore, they are very much creative, take actions on what is wrong, and help others in their struggles. Also, they volunteer participate and help others in doing their home works, science labs, math problems, and getting ready for a test. People who have positive attitude will respect the society, and those who are living in that society. Always care about others, talk respectively to others, and do not let anyone take advantage of their kindness. Always help others in their duties, and respect the environment. Lastly, If someone is showing positive attitude towards school they will ace it, get good grades which will get them the best offers from the top colleges, and after graduating from college, they will get better job offers that they cannot ever dream about. It is all depended on they ability and having the right attitude. Everyone will try to hire people with such an attitude because, they know that they have the ability of doing the specific requirement for the work that is required to be done on time. Everyone is choosing people with positive attitude because, they know that they are the one they're looking for the specific positions, to take their companies to their highest level. They have the knowledge, and the resources that they can use to get done whatever that has been asked for. They will also get paid a high amount of money that they never thought about. Furthermore, they will live their life the way that they want to live. With the positive attitude they are building a strong bond of trust with the community that they are working with. People with such an attitude will never give up, face the challenges, and be focus on their duties. To conclude, having positive attitude is one of the most valuable factors that everyone should have during their lifetime. It will drive people with positive attitude to their successful life, having empathy for others, and get qualify for their dream job that they always want to see their selves in. It is important for everyone to have such an attitude to achieve their goals. Having positive attitude is the consideration of the identity that people are leaving behind for others to learn from, and run on the same truck. It helps us to have the confidence of communicating to someone, getting participation in projects, and better understanding of this world. Positive attitude is the identification of our self to the world.  