In my opinion, I free with the Prime Minister Winston Churchill because the enthusiasm in the life is everything because without the enthusiasm we are nothing, we can't go anywhere because we don't have the enthusiasm, if we want something like job, career, something the want in life, we need the enthusiasm first. Failure make people to give up when they mess up something, but they have to keep going and doing thing positive. Now I going to writing some example and information about the enthusiasm and failure. First, In this life if we not make a mistake (failure) we are not going to learn anything, but we have to know if we fail we always have to try again and again no better what. We always need to thing positive and has the enthusiasm to do it again and get what ever we want in this life but always with the enthusiasm because we need to have enthusiasm to try again. Don't drop out your dreams if thing not going well. Second, we need the enthusiasm in our lives no better if we failure, the enthusiasm is the impulse to keep going and get everything like finish high schools, past the test, has a good grade but first thing poss ite and be enthusiasm in things you really want to be successful in the future. Third, the enthusiasm is a great enjoyment, interest or approval. I think everyone has interest in something, and we can make it, we can have everything but if propose in life. For me, my enthusiasm is graduate from high school to make mother proud of me because that's why she came to United States to give me a better future and now she enthusiasm to see her daughter graduate from high schools. Addition, "Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm" in this quote said failure to failure is an instance of something not functioning properly but is not mean to give up just doing again but never loss enthusiasm to thing you love or want in the future just keep going make yourself proud of you and never lost the enthusiasm you have for things you love just because people talk bad things or thing is not good well, life give lesson to see if we are strong. Enthusiasm is everything in life. Conclusion, I will say that Minister Winston Churchill is right because how I said in the beginning of my first paragraphs enthusiasm is everything in life, we need to have enthusiasm in everything we do to make it better. Failure sometimes make persons to stay in the same place, failure don't let people to keep going because they think everything they do is failure and never try again or be unsuccessful in achieving something.