First Hello, Ms. In my opinion I think that is better to work in group. I have 3 reasons that I would like to share with you my reasons are that everyone would like to share different ideas, Also working in group we can finish more early, and we can socialize with different people. Now I'm going to describe you why I choose these reasons. By sharing ideas I meant that everyone can have the opportunity to think and talk about that that person think. Because we don't have the same's idea's as other people thought. After all people in the group share their ideas we can written in a piece of paper and see which ones are good and makes any since, about the topic we are talking, and we see which one's we can put on the class work we are going to do. Also, about that we can finish more early, we can show it to the teacher on time, and she can give as her opinion and ask her for some help about what part she thinks that we can add more specific words or meanings. Because sometimes we think that we have a good project, but sometimes we have to figure out what part we can change and put different things. And the last but not least that we socialized with other's this one is my favorite because in this one I can describe a bit of my self when I just came to this country from another I was so shy because no one came to talk to me in my second day of school. In my English class my teacher make a group and some people start talking with me 2 people from that class help me in my English because it wasn't that good. I was so scare because first everyone was looking to me like I had something in my face and in this country everything is different to my country in this one we need some friends that help us when we need some help in English.Then I introduce my self to everyone and I start making new friends. When we are new we think that no one is going to talk with us because we are from another country. Sometimes they don't talk with us because we don't speak the same language as others. But we have to try our best to be friendly and make that the person doesn't feel shy we would like to that person feel happy in school and in each class. They's why I think that is good to be working in group not alone. When we have homework or projects we like to have some help then doing by our self that is harder, the projects are always so difficult, or sometimes you don't understand what the teacher said because we are setting on the back and some students are talking, and we couldn't hear anything about what the teacher is talking about. But in a group they are 2 or more than 2 in the same group is good that one of that person of your group understand and explain to the people didn't get it. The internet is a big problem to a lot of us some of us that we don't have internet or computer either. I think that is a problem for me and one of the reasons that I like working in groups some family doesn't have enough money to put internet in home or buy a computer in home but also go to a public places that have internet and computer we have to pay. But working in group one of the students may have internet and go to that person home. I know that in our school we have computers in the library but on weekends is close the school or some of us we can't stay after school. Because we have to pick our littler brother or sister from other school. But the good thing is that one of us could have computer or internet in home and research some things about our work or project. Another thing that is good working in group is that when we are explaining a project in from in class we don't feel ready because we have to talk a lot or others reasons but in groups we can break parts and each one is going to talk about that part she or he loves more. My Final opinion that I would like to share is that working is group is a good option then working by our self. Because not all of us have the opportunity to have internet, not all of us speak English some of us we need that someone speak our language for example sometimes I need someone that help me with some words in English that I don't understand because my first language is Spanish, and it's hard come to a country that don't speak your native language. And we can know new people to talk, not with the same ones because there is a lot of people that we don't talk, and they are in the same classes of us we just want to be with the same ones and have to talk with everyone and help then when they need help. Sincerely, Generic_Name 