Philosopher, Physical, and humanitarian Albert Schweitzer say that example is not the main thing in fencing others, actually being an example can not be a good thing to influence others because first you need to start doing the right thing on your own before you decide to be an example or influence others and that's mean that you need to do everything perfect when that's means that it is hard to do it. They say that example is not the main thing in fencing others because being an example can be stressful. For example, they can be stressful on trying to do everything perfect to do not do wrong things to influence others, and they have to be responsible with what they do to not do mistakes so that they can influence others, and they feel that it is a very stressful responsibility of including others. However, they believe that setting a good example by your own behavior is the best way to influence others people and being a good example makes they feel responsible to others, and they feel that they have the responsibility to do the right way in their own so that they can be a good example to others. In reality, they say that setting a good example by your own behavior is the best way to influence others people because they feel that they have the responsibility with their own behavior, so they can do the right way in their own first to influence others. They also say the having respect to others is a good example of our behaviors and being humidity is also a nice example that we can teach or influences to others. They believed that being honest with anyone is also a good example of our behaviors. For example, they believe that being responsible with their own behavior is a good example to start doing the right way and to influence others because the responsibility gives to others respect. They say the being on time in any meeting makes they responsible with their own behavior and gives other a good example of responsibility. They say that responsibility is an example of our own behavior and can be something that they can learn with the time and needs practice. I believe that being honest with others is a good example by start setting our own example behaviors. I also believe that humidity is a good example of our behavior because the humidity and that responsibility is something that I can learn from others with their own actions or their behaviors. For example, I learned how to be responsible with my things for my mom and my dad because they teach me how to do it and that this need practice too and I also they teach me that being an example with our own behavior makes you humidity and teaches you how to valor what you already have and accept what don't have. In conclusion, they want to argue that setting a good example by your own behavior is the best way to influence other people because being a good example by your own behavior teaches they how to do the things rights, so they can influence others by doing and taking the right way and also teach how to be responsible, honest, and being respect to others.