Albert Einstein said Imagination impacts more than education on people, I kinda disagree with this statement. In life there many things people want to accomplish something in their future life. Like learning a new instrument, to play sports for a team and others. One things would like to do is to stay on top of all my classes for school to be successful in life. People say it's a challenge to stay on top. When I look at it, I say every challenge always has a way to get through it. The reason why I would like to pass all my classes is because I want to use that as a skill in my life. At the end of college, people always wanted to be big things like presidents, surgeons and other important jobs. In real life people who cared less about that, are just sitting in a cubicle just to answer calls for a living, which is not a bad thing. I don't want my life to end up as those people, I want to make a big impact in our everyday society, like Steve Jobs. He made a big impact in peoples lives by releasing a new iPhone model every year, but he didn't just start a company that fast. He needed to be educated and was the smartest kid in his school, all the way to college, he was a smart and cooperative guy until his passing. That's why I am planning ahead to stay on top of school and college, so I can try to make a great impact for people. Instead of trying to stay awake in a boring office with the meanest boss in the world and with a low salary to one meal per week. Another reason why I would like to be successful in my classes is because It made a huge impact on my uncle, Generic_Name. Back in my uncles time, my parents and my uncle lived together in a small town house in Generic_City, he was uneducated. My uncle was an outgoing guy but didn't care about his education back in college, he was always on the couch eating Cheerios and watch Tom and Jerry on the T.V. My parents and I started to convince my uncle to start repeating college, but he didn't care, he just wanted fun in his life and not care about anything education related. That all changed when he realized that he had pay rent and that he wasn't educated, so he finally took the opportunity to repeat college, we were happy for him to do it. He scored high scores in all his tests and was awarded a scholarship for Generic_School and graduated with a high master’s degree for law and got a job for jr lawyer. Now, he rose up to make the best lawyer in Generic_City and makes 500,000 thousand dollars a year and lives in a mansion with nice cars and to share all his fortune with his family. This story has inspired me that I should stay on task with all my classes and to plan my future career ahead in time. The final reason why I want to be a successful kid in all my academics is because of opportunities, just like my uncle, Generic_Name, He came to the top because of smart he really was in college. Just like my uncle, I want to be like him and to open the door to so many career opportunities in which society has to offer, like Will Smith's movie, The Pursuit Of Happiness which was based on a real story. This talks about some emotional topics about a man named Chris Gardner was not making money and has his son with him to look after. He wasn't able to do his job right by selling bone density scanners and barely enough to pay rent or daycare after his wife left him. He got his life back together by repeating college and moving, but soon he opened the door to so many job opportunities and later in his life became a multimillionaire in 5 weeks. Based of this act, I started to think that anything can be possible as long as you put your mind to it. That way I can open many opportunities in my life. These are the reasons why I want to stay on top in all my academics is because I want to change the world the way people see it. I want people to know my name for all the hard work and impact I did, staying on top of classes accomplishes anything, it can make me into a very important person who makes a lot of money, but in order to complete that task. I would need enough Education to make me successful enough to encounter that career opportunity in my life.  