Some people believe that student should be required to take a class in the arts, Or student should take classes such as elective ? Imagine doing something that makes you happy, An doing something your comfortable at a decide what are your capable of doing in life. People believe that each student should require an elective in school because people believe that this will help the students find what they want to do, Also this will help them find they skills a get opportunities, And importantly this will help students in the future. Its really important that students should pick any electives they want to do, Imagine students get an elective they don't want to do. This will have the student feel lazy going to class, An when student feel lazy going to class student mostly skip class. When student skip class students will have a bad grade, An when students get a bad grade they get irritated. And they don't have the motivation, so they give up and when students give up they will not receive any credit an student needs enough credit to graduate if a student don't graduate high school the students can't go to colleges. And the student cant have a better job, Also companies would not hire them. People who have no job they could be homeless an very hard. So this is why it's very important students decide what electives they want to do. People believe that everyone has their special skills. Students should find they skill taking the electives they perfect at cause if a student is good at something they will love to go to class, Also going to class will have student have good grades and would like to learned more things, and importantly you will receive a credit. A taking the class they good at will have a lot of benefit an opportunity in life, Cause people who have a lot of skill, Most people would love students to work in their companies. For example if students is good at drama company will hire them as an actress a people will get famous, Also have their own movie and this will make a lot of money out of it. Also not only a student can only have one skill you could have a lot of skill just not one but more, And this will help a student. If a student has a lot of experience and know a lot of things this will definitely help them. This one of the reason that students should find their skills. Future is very important for the students cause when a student who take electives and doing the electives they like a love to do students would take these opportunities to have a good future after graduating from high school, Also College cause this when their adult life would begin and things will be different. And this why its very important student take their skill, so future would not be hard it would be easy for students, It would have a lot of hard a rough times but with the skills they would get through it. Also, this is when the student begin their dreams, An student could use the skills for a better future and things would not be hard for them cause students would know what they're doing and what is going to happen also most student would find their destiny, An destination they would love to be at. But also people may think that student may not require electives cause students it's not motivate enough to take it, An student don't really want to do it, And mostly students will take it as a joke.