Some schools have programs that older kids can help younger kids. If they don't know how to something's in school or outside of school. Or they are there just there to assist other kids that more help than other kids this can be helpful. For older kids that they might have to teach something new that they did not know or just teach something that they had some hard time in when they were leaning this in school. And can be more helpful for younger kids because they might have to work a little harder and get more. Challenged more than they get at home or school, and they get through there homework at this after. School program and then when they get back to school they have there homework done and then there homework. Might not be late, or they might just be more on top of there stuff and when they get home they just can relax and play some games or just go outside. And have good jobs later in their lives, and I think that more kids should have this. Chance to get this time to study and get better programs in there school. Because we have good programs and then if most of every school have likes programs they can get help by older students and younger students can help they older can help by helping the younger and the younger if they are not doing homework and if they are done with homework they can help other younger students. So they can get the help and the assisting that need or might need because if you are good with some like math, but then the homework gets harder they might just need some more time or more time study and going over there past homework to see if he can, or she can solve that problems or if they can't, that why there are the older students. That can them help he or she with the homework or projects. They can help one and other to finish faster and get their projects done if they wish to, or they can just work on it just by them self. And then when most of the kids are done with homework witch most won't be they might go on their computers, or they can go outside and play some outside games witch so half would go outside and the other will stay to keep this program fun and not just doing homework and classwork all day long. So they can keep or gain some energy to when they are done form playing they can come back inside with some. Energy and not being broad all the time there are. At the after school programs.  