Most of the schools in around the world that cut off hours in school, and they get a good results. Some people say that is the good idea, but some people think that a bad idea depend on their opinion. If they're extending the school day two hours, to a four-day school a week, they will give students get more chances to focus what they like, time to explore and spend more time for family. Some countries try to improve it, and they received a lot of good responds from students and parents recently. New things always have a difference opinion, and so many people could not adapt it, but one day it will bring a revolution to education. The first thing brought the benefit for this idea is students can focus what they like. In the real world, Students have so many things to do. They have to start school at 7am to 2pm, it takes a long period of day, and they could not practice what they like. If they can get fewer hours a day in school, so they could practice sports, music, sciences instead of math and English. There must have some students interesting at classes in school, and they enjoy it, but they are still forced taking classes that they do not like, it's not their advantages. Some students would quit school because they could not find out themselves in there, and it will cost a lot of problems into the future especially effects to the next generation. That why schools should give students more hour to get what they like to do. The problem related to previous the first thing is time for family. Still, students spent all day long in school, and some of them want to do their favorite things after school, then they accidentally forget spend time with their family. ''Family is the root behind success of student'', but when they get home, they have to do their homework at midnight. So many tradition families that have a rule that student has to follow then they do not have time to do their homework. Some of the students have a job after school to get more benefits, scholarships, to prepare their life in college. Some students just want to support their family and do not have time to think about school. They have to bring their homework everywhere they go. If schools follow a four-day school week, it would be better to students and their family; they can get more time to hang out; they do not need to worry about school or test tomorrow. Students can enjoy their time with family. The important thing that can not miss is time to explore. ''A fish can not claim like a monkey'', some people good at math, some at music or art, and we can not take a person good at math to do music. That is exactly going on in school life; students can not find out what they truly want to do; they do not have creative. If school follow a four-day school week, students can receive more extra times to explore the world and life. They could discover nature that teachers can help them, reality could help students get more experiences and discover themselves what they good at. Europe's countries like Holland and Ireland had tried this, and they got the highest education in the world. In Europe, they do not have homework, students go to school four or five days a week but fewer hours. That is good thing that every school in the world should follow. Eventually, schools and teachers just want to do the best for young generation, and they want to make a better life. Sometimes, they should flexibly time and give students a chance to focus what they like, family and to explore a life. Students still able to finish their work, only 24 hours a day is not enough for them to complete everything. School, themselves and family, that is a lot of things to do in a day. ''Life is hard, do not make it harder'', that is a good quote to say. Schools should give students more time.  