I am writing this prompt to inform you about the position for hiring. I would be very delighted if I could be hired by you. Furthermore, I do not have experience at all but, I can show you that I am a good candidate for this job and I could handle the job very well. Here are some few reasons why I would be a good candidate for the job. One reason on why you should hire me is that even though I don't have experience I tend to learn really fast and do multiple things at a time. Usually I memorize them very easily. It has a greater impact on me because I learn fast and customers are happier with the service. Also, I could do many things at a time which is good for the job and good for the customers. For example, in some restaurants it takes long for someone to do your order or even get to your table to get your order. It is better if you have someone that is fast and shows that the customers are there number one priority. It is good that the customers feel welcomed and feel important when the workers are giving them attention. Another reason is that I have an amazing, outstanding attitude with people. I am a very joyful person and what I feel like is right, is giving joyfulness to customers who need it. For example, I have friends that sometimes have had a rough day and I tend to help them and make them happier and change their perspective to a better one. I think it is good that if a restaurant has someone happy and joyful the customers would want to come in because it's a very joyful place. My goal is always to see people smiling and keep encouraging them to always be happy. The restaurant can always make more money when customers feel like its there home. Lastly, I like meeting new people at jobs and working as a group. What I love to do is bringing everyone together and making new friendships. I've seen that when working as a group it is better because you get things done faster. You also make greater connections with your coworkers. For example, If someone needs something for a customer and your busy doing something else it's better to ask a coworker to help you out. I like bringing bonds together and working with them. These are some reason I would love to get the job. I want to learn something new that's not from my perspective. I love trying new things and getting to know the different types of jobs around the community. Furthermore, I also learn very fast, and I love being committed to anything and working as a group. Furthermore, I hope you consider me to work there, and would be very happy. Thank you for your time. 