Almost 95% of people goes to the beach or swimming pools, and I imagined what enjoyable activity to do. I think swimming club is the most enjoyable activity. Swimming is an enjoyable activity because it helps me calm whenever I'm mad, I can also swim with my friends and play together, and it is also easier and exciting to exercise whenever I'm swimming.First, swimming is an enjoyable activity because it helps me calm whenever I'm mad or feeling down. Last year, when the school just finished, and all the people left, I jumped into the pool and just swam. It made me happy because as I swam into the surface of the water, I heard the water droplets drop as I moved my feet up and down, the sound of the wave made me sleepy as they touched the wall, and the sound of the gushing water that made me feel alive as I went out of the pool. Another example would be, when I was on a field trip, we all went to the beach and stayed there for two days. As the day goes by, I was sad and upset because I didn't want to leave. What I did was I changed my clothes, took my camera, and went outside. As I walk on the sandy beach, I heard the waves as if they were ready to eat me, I heard the birds chirping as I take a picture of them. It was a very fun and calm day. That is why swimming is an enjoyable activity because it helps me calm. Second of all, swimming is an enjoyable activity because you get to swim with your friends, even make new friends! An example would be when I was swimming alone, I was okay because I don't really mind being alone, but when my friends came, they instantly made me laugh. All of us were doing tricks and racing with each other, which is very fun. One time, when my friends was swimming underwater, they bumped each other's head and as they reach to the surface, three of us laughed. Also, learning how to swim is easier because swimming is fun, and it's more fun with your friends. An example would be your friend can help you out when you're struggling how to float. Even doing dog swim is hard for some people, which is easy for me. Also, learning by yourself isn't fun, learning with your friends is more fun. That is why swimming is an enjoyable activity because you get to swim with your friends. Lastly, swimming is an enjoyable activity because it's more exciting to exercise when you're swimming. I once took a swimming lesson every Friday after school. I didn't like it at first, but as soon as my third day came, I liked it so much. Furthermore, I gained 145 pounds for a ten-year-old, but when I took my swimming lesson, my weight decreased to 111 pounds. You don't really see the result, until you started having fun on what you're doing. An example would be I was really not into swimming and all I wanted to do there is to lose weight. I didn't see any improvement on my swimming skills, and I didn't lose weight at all. Weeks passed, and I started losing weight, and I'm becoming better at swimming. I thought is because I got more passionate and determined when swimming that I didn't see those changes. After all what I've been through, swimming made me happy at all times. That is how swimming impacted my life. It's more exciting and easier to exercise when swimming, you can swim with your friends and play together, and it helps me calm whenever I'm mad, and that is why swimming is an enjoyable activity. It is important for people to know this is because this is a real life story. Furthermore, it already helped three people when they read this. Swimming club is an enjoyable activity.