Do you agree or disagree with the impression are almost impossible to change? Many people in the society are taking several changes in the life of them, this will be a form to improve their goals in the future, some people thinking that made changes might be completely complicated for many reasons that they cannot do this, sometimes would be for some issues that we have. Also, each one we have different purposes, but anything is impossible in this world made some changes that even more will be like a window with many opportunities. Opportunely sometimes we don't take the worst to start made certain changes that this will be big chances. In my own opinion this might be to begin a new style of life with the proposal to change and improve my goals that will be the beginning of new opportunity increase my ability to achieve my dreams that I have in my mind, open me in the future with new goals in the mind and never give up till that my dreams can be successful. The impressions never can be impossible because, can be new opportunity in the rest of the life, to improve our goals and dreams in the future and to make plans to increase our ability of achieve our ideas. New opportunities in the rest of our life, will be an opportunity that are certain change that might be like a door with new offer of jobs, that this will allow change in our life to increase our knowledge to put in practice and improve our ability in create new ideas that would be a big help to develop in the society in any job that we will do, each day the technology advance. This means that, we have the opportunity to learn any more and to achieve different kinds of project to develop at the society. Improve our goals and dreams in the future, will be the best form to change and improve our ideas or plans that we have in mind to develop ourselves. To discovery new ideas and be capable to do that and put in practice our knowledge and to get excited in achieve our goals that is the better for us, each day put more dedication in improve our mistakes and made certain changes about these mistakes that we did. Sometimes happen that because some people don't follow their work for some mistakes that they did, the most important is to learn of the mistakes that we did and trying to improve it. Make plans to increase our ability of achieve our ideas, this is a form to thinking about it and made a list of things that we would like to achieve to improve our knowledge, to learn and create projects that we have in mind to realize. Thinking about different ideas and plans that might be the better for ourselves in our develop in any area. Also, this will be a big idea to realize our ideas to increase our economy if we have good work in any job that we do and each day trying to be better in the society with our family. In conclusion, all this definitely is the better for us in made some changes that we know will be the form to create and realize our plans that we have in our mind, sometimes can be so hard to do some changes in our life, but everyone knows that is the better to improve and increase our ability in to develop of different plans and ideas that we have, even more this will be better opportunity in the rest of our life, we can achieve all our goals if everyone start change for a better life.  