In some societies, some students are expected to identify a career by the time they enter high school. The courses of study in High School are selected to guide them toward a specific career. It would be amazing if students start when they enter High School. It is a good idea for students to commit to a career at a young age? Students should be committed to a career at a young age because it helps students to develop more, and it allows a lot of opportunity for many students. First, start a career at a young age it's important for students because it would help to develop more. For example, sometimes students choose to do other stuff instead do work. Some students really want to success and get everything in life. Students would always like to have good future over everything. If students commit to a career at a young age, they would be developed in different ways. For example, students would have more stuff to do, more homework. Their mind would be thinking about stuff for their careers. They're going to take things more serious for their life. Secondly, start a career at a young age it's important for students because it allows a lot of opportunity. For example, Generic_Name was a student from Generic_school, she chooses to start commit to a career when she was 17 years old. It was hard for her because she took a lot of extra classes. But, she planned to get better lifestyle. She work really hard to complete what she wants. By, Generic_Name start a career at a young age was the best option she did in her life, she has a lot of opportunity, she can work wherever she wants to. Thus, start thing at a young age students would success more. However, some people may argue that students should not be committed to a career at a young age because students would not enjoy High School. For example, people argue that students would be more incline about their career, and they would not enjoy High School as a teenager. However, start at a young age would be benefit for students because they would take High School as serious part of life. Also, students would have more opportunity in life, and they would develop more as a person. To conclude, people would always say that students should not be start a career at a young age. But start at a young age would be the best choice for students in life. Students have the opportunity to be more successful in their careers. Sometimes would be hard for them to do double work, but as they focus and work hard, they would complete a lot in life. Start things at a young age always have good benefits for students and people in general.