To be activeAccording to Thomas Jefferson wrote, "determine never to be idle. It is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing." Do we accomplish more if we are always doing something, because we have more activities, get more possibilities to be someone in the life, and develop our mind? My first reason is we have more activities help our body to be active, and health for example when we play some games like, soccer, baseball, track, our body immediately is activated, because we need to be active and that helps that our body can be healthy, and that prevent some diseases because if our body is inactive we can feel, sad and stress. My second example is, when I went to field trip, I was happy, because I went to some place where I can distract and relax with the nature, and that help me because doing activities that maintain the body active, and it is more helpful for our mind. My second reason is got more possibilities to be someone in the life, for example, we can always pay attention in the classes, and concentrate, we need to be more active the mind because that help learn more and that to help in the future. My second example is, last year wanted to pass my grade, I needed to be active in my classes and had better scores in all my classes and do my homework, so I can pass my classes because I was active and all my classes and homework, and I put attention all that the teacher told me during the class. Some people think to be active is not helped in the life, and idles is better than active because, people said to be active people can get transtorn in the mind. But they are incorrect because, development our mind for example, sometimes we can feel depress we don't want to do nothing, our mind is developed each day about the activities, works, and other things what do each day, and that help to our mind be more active. In conclusion, to be active people can do more activities, get more possibilities to be someone in the life, and develop our mind each day, to be active one of the most important things because that help to our body and, our knowledge that we have, and we need.