Can you imagine a world where every person is optimistic and responsible in their job? According to "The Washington Post," 65% of the workers are hard-working and loves their job. "Most employers are looking for specific characteristics in a potential employee. For example, they look for someone who is responsible and hard-working, and often they look for a person who has experience." In some countries, start working at age of 15 years old is mandatory, because it helps to young people to obtain new views about different kind of jobs. Everyone has the capacity to be a responsible in their labor, but some people are hard-working because they want to accomplish their goals, and have an excellent record and experience from the last job is so important. The first reason why is so important to be a hard-working is because you can accomplish your goals. For example, my friend Generic_Name, she started worked when she was 16 years old, she studied and worked at the same time. Generic_Name worked very hard to accomplished her goals. Generic_Name's goals was: be a teacher, buy a house, a car and save money for the College. It was not easy for her, but she was optimistic. She wakes up every morning at 6:00 to go school, and she always fought for having a better future and accomplished her goals. Generic_Name over time get a lot of experience, and she inspired others people to do better their jobs. She won a prize for been doing well her job and supported others to inspire to do an extraordinary job. Working hard is the best way to demonstrate you can work in any place and loves your job. The second reason is when you are working is important to leave an excellent record, because it helps to develop a good characteristics and experience. In some jobs, they call to ask for details about if the person have an excellent record and experience. Furthermore, my uncle Generic_Name, he just moved from New York to California, and he was looking for a new job. Generic_Name worked as an engineer village's Company. He was doing well his job in New York, but he needed to be moved. He went to apply in this new place, and the employers called to Village's Company asking for details about how he was doing his job when he was working for them, and then Village's Company says "Generic_Name was one our best worker we had, he was responsible, and he has the knowledge about his job." The new company hired my uncle because he leaves an excellent record. Hiring a person who has experience is important, because it helps to develop better a job. Some people may argue that be a responsible and hard-working is not necessary in a job. However, be responsible is so important, because people are getting more experience and more capacity to do their labor. Some people do not like to follow the rules when they are in their jobs. In conclusion, we can not change the entire world, but start been responsible and working hard in our jobs is beneficial, because it is the place where we can inspire others to do their jobs well and any company will hire us for been excellent workers. Every labor is admirable, and we can care our jobs because it depends on we can accomplish any goal we have in our life. We can show a lot of characters in our work such as: be respectful, be on time, and the most important things is love our jobs.