Select me to visit your company It would be a great opportunity to learn more about this job, but also is going to help me to have better skills in what I do. I could easily write about my six years of experience in this area, and you would see that I could "qualify" for this visit, but I don't want you to select for those reasons; working in a TV Production company has always been my dream since I was a kid. I was a little girl with a lot of energy, goals and really confident about myself, I enjoyed being in presentations, ceremonies or anything about being in front of the public. Furthermore, I kept growing, and a lot of people thought that I was going to forget about all this crazy dream to be in TV, but it wasn't like that, my interest was increasing more and more; I was still in my country, Generic_City, when I went for my first time to a news channel, the principal of my school At that moment selected me to make a commercial about a festival that we had, I'm not going to lie, I was scared and really nervous, but once I touched the microphone, I forgot all my fears, the employees of that place were so surprised, they told my teacher, "how a 13 years old little girl can have a lot of talent? The way that she speaks make It see it so natural and easy to do it"I would never forget those words, because It was there, when I realized, that all this was for me, ever since that one day, my principal asked me to do all the commercials for the school. Two years later I had to move to a different school, and I had a big surprise, this school had way more opportunities to be successful in this area; the owner of the school saw my potential in the way I speak, and yes, he asked me to do every ceremony and commercials during the whole school year. But that was not enough for me, I wanted to learn more, so I stared to used professional cameras and make homemade videos to practice a little big more; that same year my family decided to move to the United States. I was really sad, no only for my family and friends, also, I didn't know If coming to America would change my dream, everything was different, traditions, school and most important, the language. This change was not going to change what I like to do, I stared taking this class called: "TV and Media Production" and I felt like coming back to home, everything that I love to do, was right there, I learned how to edit videos, how to record professionally and take all I know, to a whole different level; couples moths in this country and I already had the opportunity to being in different news channels, video for the school, and they loved how I did it, and I don't have to think a lot to know that this is what I want to as a career. These are just some reasons why you should select me to visit and learn more about your company, I know you may have more applications of students with better grades and experience than me, but no all of them have the passion and enthusiast that I have, because this wouldn't be just a job, I would be a biggest accomplishment for me.