Dear, Local hospital manager would love to visit your hospital because I can imagine my self walking through those doors, smelling medicine and noticing the sound of machines, seeing suggests running and rushing towards the surgery room, soon to save a human's life. I want to visit your hospital because I think It's pretty cool and brave what you guys do. One reason why I would love to visit your hospital would be because I think that the hospital is a very cool place, suggests get the feeling when they save someone's life, and they get to use some cool machines that they probably haven't used until they started to working in the hospital, and they get to open up people and see the inside of a person's body. One other reason why I think it's pretty cool, is that there is three different type's of doctors, the first kind of doctor would be an Intern, which is a doctor that just started there first year as one and that is learning to be the best, another kind is a mid-tern resident, which is the second to the highest level, one last kind of doctor is the highest which is a resident, i think its smart that you guys have that because I think it keeps everything organized, and it keeps every doctor in order. Furthermore, one example why I want to visit the hospital is that I want to make people that they are in good hands, that they are going to be safe, also i want to become one of the best suggests out there, most of all i just want to help and save lives, I think its cool that suggests get to use machines and other tools to open up people that need medical help. When I was smaller I would have to take care of my sister because my mom would be busy going to work, one day my sister got cut when she was playing outside she was bleeding a lot that I grabbed some paper and rolled it around her leg and then called my mom because it seems so deep, ever since that day I wanted to be a urgent because i didn't feel disgusted by the blood and stuff, I thought it was pretty cool that I cured her leg, and stopped it bleeding. I want to have the opportunity to visit your hospital because i want to save peoples lives when I grow up and have that desperate feeling when you save someone's life. One reason why I want to have that feeling is because, i just want to save peoples life and make them better, even though it might get exhausted it's going to be worth it because at the end of the day I think of how I saved someone's life. Another reason is because i want to see how the hospital works and how every get's in managed, I want to learn if there is any more different kind of doctors for example, there is cardio heart surgery, plastic surgery and more, i want to be a urgent when I grow up because i want to save peoples lives, I feel like there is so much good around the world that i want to do good when I grow up. One example is that, me being a urgent would be a good idea because I can learn and help people that are struggling in life, i wouldn't just get to help people lives inside the building, I would get to save someone's life outdoor of the building too because if something happens to someone then I can help them, if I become a urgent then I'm going to work hard and learn about medicine to be the best and help anyone that comes through those doors. I want to become into a doctor/urgent because I just started watching this show and its very interesting because its about doctors saving other peoples lives and how they struggle and how that connects with there life because they feel like they haven't been spending time with their friends or there family because they just have been busy of work and I feel like I've been learning on how I can not struggle in life if I do work as a urgent. I want to visit the hospital because when I grow up i want to become into a urgent and learn about all the medicine out there. One reason why you should let us visit the hospital would be because i want to get the opportunity to feel to be a urgent one day and learn about everything. Another reason why you should let us visit is because if some kids are interested into becoming into a urgent then they can think of taking a medicine class in high school and learn about it more, so they can prepare them self if they become into a doctor or urgent, being a urgent isn't just about opening people up and sowing them and saving peoples lives, it's about learning and learning because every time you do something you have never done before in your life, you have just learned something and by getting the opportunity of just going to see the hospital and seeing how it works, I just have learned something new even though i didn't do anything other than watching. One example why you should let us visit is because we would be learning something new and getting to feel how everything works around the hospital if we were to work as a urgent or doctor. I mostly want to become into a doctor because I think its cool how doctors are brave and work and how good they are at their jobs, mostly it's cool because they learn something new every day and at the end of the day they have saved a lot of peoples lives or changed peoples lives. A local company I would love to visit is the hospital because I feel like the hospital is very cool, the feeling of saving someone's life is incredible, and you get to learn everything about medicine/medical stuff. I think working at a hospital is a gift because you get to learn and everything and save peoples lives and most of all you learn. I hope you consider thinking of letting my school visiting the hospital. Sincerely, Generic_Name 