Well on my opinion I think that the best accomplishment is when someone tells you to be your self, no need to act or being someone we are not, It's better when we can be our self on this world. When someone acts something they are not, they are kinda lain about how they really are, When we chose to be something we are not, It's the worse decision that we can do. But I know that every person think different to what others think. Some think that act someone they are now is something better for the world. I totally disagree. We need to stop thinking or worry what other people are going to say, we just need to worry about our self and for the people who accept how we are, with the people we can act how we really are and those people who don't judge are the best people in the world the best accomplishment a person can give is when they tell you that they accept you how you are and that we are unique, don't need to change to something we are not, that is the best accomplishment that someone can give to someone. I don't agree with what Emerson's statement say because, we don't need to change to someone else. We can't let the world change how we are. I don't think the greases accomplishment is to be in this world constantly trying to make us something else. The greases accomplishment is that we show how we really are we all have something unique we need to be ourselves in order to make the world better. Being our self with someone it's kinda the best thing someone can experiment, being our self with a person is the greases thing in the world, nowadays most all the people can't be them self around other people some of them laugh at the people who act exactly how they are, some of them don't really care or pay attention to what others are doing, and I think that's how it should be. nowadays we see a lot of things, people that are gay, transgender, people that are bisexual, homosexual, now we see all that for almost all the people in the world that is something normal but most of them is not. But they're just acting how they really are, but sometimes it can just be confusing. Something that happened when I was 16 years old is that I had a friend that always was lying of how she really was, she used to said that she had a lot of money which wasn't true, she did have like the normal she was okay with what her parent had, she said that she was rich and all that, and because of that she make a lot of friends even that ones that were my friends stopped taking to me because I wasn't how they wanted me to be, they would tell me to go party with them, to drink, smoke and all that, my answer to all the was always no, so they stopped asking me, later on they find out that the new girl didn't have that much money as she said she had, the people who I thought that were my friends told me all that and to realize that acting something we are not is not always good being someone we are not, or telling people that we have something when is not true. We all have to be honest with each other. That's why I always tell people be yourself no matter how hard it gets, the best thing we can do it's to be our self, people need to start accepting others how they really are, Don't need to be two faces, that is how we're saying now in days. Now in days most of the people would wear say whatever they want, most of the people don't care any more they just focus on what they are doing no in what the others are doing. When you show to someone else how you really are is because most of the time, we felt comfortable with that person.