Why are people scared to fail? Is failing really a bad thing. NO! For example Churchill says that "success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm". I agree with him. I believe that to have success in life you have to go through failure. Failing with the same feelings and mindset is hard, but you just have to think failing is a way of getting better. Failure is also not something you should be afraid of or embarrassed of. You should be proud of failing because you know what you did wrong and next time make it twice as strong. Failing does not mean that your too dumb to do whatever it is. It just means you need some more time. Churchill leaves that failure has an important role in the pursuit of success. Which I also believe this because once you fall all you want to do is get right back up. Which I encourage everyone to do. When you fall get back up everyone falls. Life is about taking risks and failing. Which in my opinion everyone should do. Failure is the key to success. Without failing, you can't really call it success. I believe you can only succeed in something that you have failed at. Without failing life would be boring and everything would be the same because people are taking risk we have lots of different things in the world today. Everyone has failed to do something. Not everyone in the world is perfect. I wrote this to persuade my readers to take risks. It is also fine to fail just get up and try again. Surely, if Churchill was a live today her would be spreading the same message around the world. That without failure there is no success. Also, that everyone has failed at something, nobody's perfect. Churchill Is trying to say that failure turns in to success. Once you fail you know what you have to do to get yourself back up. Then you try again and again until you get something you are happy with. This is what makes you try again. This is what makes you find and fix your problems. You get a lot out of failing that's why I think that anyone that is going through something tough don't give up so easily because its is ok to fail. Failing is a good thing not a bad. However, It's hard for people to think in this way because they think once they fail it's all over. It's not over until you want it to be over. Keep trying and Try your hardest.