Do I agree that my school should follow this model by extending the school day two hours? Some of these businesses have adopted a four-day work week, without thinking about the consequences. Each day consisting of ten hours to conserve energy and resources which it would be difficult for them since they will be working ten hours per day during four days of week. Taking the model of the businesses expending school day to conserve energy and resources, with each day consisting of two hours will be a difficult choose to make. First the government need to be part of this decision, and need to be included to see which are the consequences going to be in taking this chooses. Personally I am fully disagreement with this model, but not only myself is in disagreement there is a lot of people that believe school should not follow this model to conserve energy and resources by expending the school day two hours. The government and society is the one whose need to be taking control of this decision, because they know what is good for the students and what is bad for them. In a society it is unlike the average American work week, so it would be difficult for families to adapt to the changes. Having longer school days and shorter weeks does not align with the structure of a typical parent's work schedule. Most students being involved in extracurricular activities after school, and not being able to drive, the four-day school week will create many conflicts. Parents will most likely struggle to get their children to those activities and anything involving life outside of school. Most parents would have to adjust their work schedules to accommodate for the new school hours. Also, an extra day off for students but not necessarily for parents and child care would be required for the younger students on the extra day off. Additional expenses such as that are not always easy for families to come up with. Lots of changes would be put into action. Some others believe that the positives of changing to a four-day work week outweigh the inconveniences brought on by extending the day. Their main rational revolves around improving to transportation, building, and it will be good for students to be able to have more downtime. Taking part of this I would argue that the benefits seen so shortage, like a lack in the amount needed. In real world application of this plan applied in a education setting does not possess the same bonuses. The advantage of having another day off most likely Friday, while promising, does not necessarily mean a day without work to do. In fact, there are a lot of many ways that you can conserve energy and resources, some businesses adopt different ways to conserve energy and many resources. Although I do not like this plan that our school should fallow this model (their plan is so bad), if we start doing this plan we will be in a several problems. We usually go to school seven hours per day, and barely have time to do our homework after school. Students like me need to go work after school, since some of us are living already on our own and this plan will affect our jobs. In conclusion the idea in adopt a four-day work week, is not the best plan to conserve energy and resources. This plan is not the best plan that this businesses' company have come with. There are a lot of consequences that need to take care of, before get into the point that you can not have the right for an opinion of what to do and what not to do. In this plan I will rather say that the school should not follow any plan or anything that is not for the goods of our students. Speak with the society about it and then make a choosey that it is going to effect for good or bad. Sometimes changes are goods, but not on this plan people said that there are some benefits and what I see is just disadvantages on this plan. Adopt a four-day work week, is not the only you have to save energy. There are so many ways to conserve energy and resources. Example: not use a lot of water or try no to use the electricity that much last, but very important think first and then do the use the plan or the choice that is best.  