Last year, a student in my classroom was caught using his cellphone during class. He pointed out that the reasoning behind it was that he was searching something that involved the class, but the teacher still took up his phone. By allowing the use of cellphones in class many students would get even more distracted than they already are. It would also be easier to cheat and get good grades, since all the information would be of easy access. On the other hand, this would make the technological integration in school even better and easier, something that many dreams and believe will happen in the close future. I believe cellular devices should not be allowed during educational time. Initially, cellphones would draw too much of student's attention. Teenagers spend enough time of their day staring at screens, and school should be a place where that doesn't happen. Many are addicted to social media, and have the "need" to check it every 10 minutes. Sometimes when I am in class and decide to take out my phone, not looking and paying to the teacher for more than a minute makes me loose focus of class and need to ask the ones around me for help. Class is a place where students should focus and pay attention, by allowing the use of phones many would get distracted and use it for non-educational purposes which would make learning harder, since this focus should be used on what the teacher is saying instead of what their friends are posting online. Secondly, it would be an encouragement to cheating. With the integration of cellphones in class students would start getting better grades, since many of them would simply Google all the answers for a worksheet instead of paying attention to the class and answering it based on what they've learned. This would make so that daily grades get better, but when test day arrives, the student who Googled every answer in the past week would get a bad grade because he didn't really learn anything, all his answers were based on someone or something helping him. This would then encourage cheating, because that student would most likely realize that with the use of his cellphone daily grades were getting better, but when it came down to not using the device his grades would drop. However, it could be helpful and very easy to set up. With limitations in place, like blocking certain apps and websites that have nothing to do with school, cellphones could be useful during educational time. Technology integration in schools is already happening, much give Chromebooks to students, so they can use it during class, but these are expensive and getting one for every student is not always viable. Everyone has a cellphone, so there would be no need for extra devices, since phones have 1000 different uses, including many that could be of help during educational time. The student from my classroom which was caught using his cellphone still uses it during class, he is barely passing that class and complains that the teacher is not explaining something correctly and that is why he has such low grades. But everyone knows the reason he is almost failing is that he'd rather stare at his cellphone screen instead of paying attention to the teacher. Cellular devices draw too much of teenager's attention and can also encourage cheating. On the other hand they can be helpful in the right occasion. I strongly disagree with the use of cellphones during educational time and believe they would cause more harm than they would help.