Do you think it is a good idea for the students to commit to a career at you gage? That is a good idea because the school will give the opportunity to know more things. Also, is a bad idea because some students have a lot of things to do after school, they have responsibilities example; they have to work, they have to do things in their house, or many things what a young can do. I choose students have to take the career at a young age because:They will be ready when they have to work in that career, if they're going to take the careers that they prefer it is going to be good, because they will practice, and they will learn a lot in of that, so they will focus every day in that career. The most important is they won't have any problems when they have to show everything what they learn after they did finish their career. It is a good idea because is not bad that in some societies the students has to expected to identify a career by the high school, because about that form the people can know what is his/her specialty, or what work realized in the high school, if that person was good or bad in that career. Is good that person know what he/she wants to be in the future, because some people don't know what they want to be, what is their dreams when they become adult, but some people know what they want to be, and what is their dream job. Is very important to know that you want to be sure about your future because these opportunities are not in everywhere we have to exploit the things the life give us, because when I was a little girl my dad always plead me that I enter a houses like English, computation, to play guitar, dance, and many things, but I always respond no, because I just wanted to play and that set, but now I know the importance to learn, to know, to make something, and show to the world that you know that you can do that, and nothing in this world is impossible. They will have the capacity to learn more things about the careers what they will going to choose. Also, the school will give them the opportunity to work in the summer or after school, this idea is amazing because in others countries like my country there are not career to choose in the schools, the student are not ready, or they are not ability to work in something because they don't practice anything in the school they don't know anything. They just study and don't have elective courses that ways, the student in my country don't work usually the parent are who work. The conclusion is that the students have to take some career, because is very important for the societies also for them, they will be capacity to know many things. Also, they will be ready to make the work what they choose in the high school. And the student won't have complication or doubt to may complete their job. Final, the students will have a profession in something that they can make very well, but this courses is not just to show to the others persons the career that you took in the high school. This career is for you, for your future more forward. What happen if you can process with your study, this courses is an advantage in your live. You can take out a benefit to this opportunity.