I have been through so many things in my life and imagination has help go through the crazy thing in life. I would want to leave everything and everyone. Imagination has helped me realize that I could become who ever I wanted to be. It even helps me through any problem. It helps me realize that can prove people wrong by just imagining the best things in life are coming my way. No matter how much I'm going through, I'm always going to be happy and grateful for what I have and gone through. Without the bad days you will never know how to enjoy the good ones. Remember everything happens for a reason! Imagination helps me have hoped no matter what I have gone through. I had to imagine a lot when my brother went to jail. I would always have to believe that's it going to be fine. Furthermore, I would always imagine that my brother was home and that I could see him again. No matter how hard it was for me. Every time we would go visit him, and it was time to leave I had to imagine that he was coming home with me. Even every time we would go to court I would have to imagine that they would let him leave. Sometime knowing that's their too much on my head, imagining help me feel free and peaceful with no problem. It was hard dealing with my brother and school on top of that. Imagination really change how I look at life. It makes me bring out my creativeness out. It made me realize what I have been missing out on. Imagination help me forget everything that's going on in life no matter how big or small the problem is. Also, it helps me feel myself and not pretending to be someone that I'm not. Sometimes going through things help you understand why it happened to you. But at the movement it might seem horrible. I just know that there is a purpose for me and that end! Knowledge might be a great thing, but imagination helped me achieve things that I never thought before. Imagination help me feel good about my self. It helps block all the negative things. Imagining helps me know that I can do what ever I want, I just have to put my mind and heart to it. Also, it helps me feel unique from everyone else. It helped me gain self-respect and convinces. Imagination is a great thing for every thing. It might seem weird, but it helps in many ways. Thinking outside the box is not always a bad thing it helps me bring out my smartness and strongest things through everything in life. I do think imagination is really important in life. Also, it can take me really far in life.