How does technology impact our life positively? Some people argue; that technology is creating a division between us. I believe the appropriate use of technology does not divide, or limit human contact. If we give a good use to it, we will have great benefits. Besides, technology improves communication skills, helps parents, and facilitate jobs. Research has proved that technology has been a useful tool for communication skills. This is shown in the facility that we have now at making a call, or video call to another country. It has improved communication for people who are speechless, defeat or just shy. All of them has problem at talking or listening, but with technology this is getting over. And they are interacting in certain way with other people. To sum up, technology is improving communication in different ways. Parents always have many things to do. Passing time with their children is not easy; however, technology is making easier it. Now parents can work from home; this is giving them the opportunities to share more time in family. Also, for parents that work out new machines are helping them to finish quickly. Although, new phones schedule appointments and others for them, in order to be organized. In resume technology is giving the opportunities to spend time in family to parents. In centuries before how many times does a writer spend writing a book? Technology has being a helpful tool for years; long time ago a writer spend one year writing a book by hand, now they just spend 3 to 4 months writing a book in a computer. New technology give us a lot of opportunities like:We do not work all days, We get a good pay, and We do not work in the sun shy. In resume, technology is facilitated our life. In conclusion, technology is a wonderful tool that let us develop our communication skills, unify families, and makes easier our jobs. People who do not have skill of listing or talking; they can still communicate their selves. Families now are more unify. Jobs now are easier. I believe technology is having a good effect for those who use it appropriately.