I strongly agree with this statement that author Ralph Waldo Emerson wrote because I can relate to it based on my passed experiences as a little kid not wanting to try new things in life like other food and activities. I did not like to try new things as a kid because when I would fail at them, I would get mad or upset. But I ended up trying new things in life anyway, and it helped change my mindset from not pushing myself to believing in myself that I could accomplish things and also help me grow as a person. For example when I was l lot younger than I am today like a lot of kids I did not like to try new food. I was that type of kid that just did not like to try new thing at all. Say if I did not know what it was or had not tried in before in the past I did not want it at all. Sometimes my mom would tell me to eat my food, or she would not let me go outside or take me to the park to play. So I would eat it but not because I wanted to it was because I wanted to go play outside or go to the park because I was just full of energy all the time and always liked to be outside. Thinking back to those memories at least the ones that I can remember I always seem to get easily upset. When I did not know how to do something that other kids or people knew and could do. I would throw a fit you could say sometimes and not want to be a part of the activity at all and just straight up get mad over simplest things that just needed some time put towards them. So I could learn them or master them or someone that could have taught them to me. I think if i wouldn't have give up on some things when I was younger I would have known how to do a lot more than I can today. Instead of just watching the other people do this type of activities and enjoy themselves. I always wanted to know how to play these sports as a kid. Like know how to play soccer, football,and play basketball. Instead, I would give up on myself on the first time I failed at it. But as time went by and the older I got little by little I started to try new things in life besides just other foods. I think the reason for this was that my mindset was changing and I did not give up on myself anymore I started to push myself to achieve my goals. I learn that anger would help me too like this one time in middle school I was in my math class my teacher said that I could not solve the problem that he had put on the board because I did not pay attention in class. So I got mad and did my best to solve him and show him that I could solve that problem and I did after class he came up to me and told me that he was proud and that he knew I could do it cause when someone tells me I can not I get mad and work hard to prove them wrong. He also told me to never let what other people say stop me from achieving my goals in life and to also try to control my anger. I understand that know because I know there people who look out for you and help you. But also there are lots of people that do not want to see you make it in life and do better than them. This is why I strongly agree with this author by the name Ralph Waldo Emerson and his statement. That go by the lines of unless you try to do something that you have never done before you will never grow. Its just how some people play it safe in life and do not attempt to do or try scary things in there life like rock climbing,skydiving swimming with sharks sneaking into abandon house cause it's haunted by a ghost or something not like other people who live their lives with no fear. You can be scared i live but do not let them fears keep you from having fun and enjoying life.