How its really nice if you say thank you or your welcome to someone. If you say nice things to others and have manners. Always be grateful for what people do for you or even get you something just always say thank you or your welcome. Because if you do then that means they will say it back to you. If you be always kinda and have manners then they will to. Show kindness and love. Be happy make them happy to for having nice manners. Always be there to help someone out. If you're kinda to others and have manners to, they will do the same back to you, so if they be kinda and say thank you or your welcome to you It's because you said it to them back. You always need manners for anything you do always have to say yes sir or thank you all that good things only if you want the same thing back for you. If you want someone to say thank you or your welcome you have to say it back to them. It's all about being nice to others to.Always be happy to say something good try to make friends because if you have manners that's how you can make new friends to. Saying thank you after someone helps you out, or they do something for you. Always have something good to say to them because you never know if that made there day being nice to them. Just be nice to have good manners to get the same thing back. We all want manners and kindness, so we all have to do that. Being nice is something good. You're showing who you are. If you never said thank you or yes sir or your welcome to someone is okay, but you should have manners is good because then they will be good to say your welcome and thank you. If you ever hurt someone say your sorry be kinda say something nice to them, and then you will be fine. They will be fine with you to its all about manners if you want someone to be nice to you, you need to be nice back. If you want someone to say thank you for this or your welcome for doing this you have to have manners and say it back says you're welcome because no one really likes if you don't have manners. If you want kindness then you have to say something or help someone out with things. You want manners back say something sweet to them then they will do the same. Seeing someone drop there thing on the floor held them pick it back up they say thank you, say you're welcome. Manners and kindness are something that is good because you're showing something good about your self. If you go out and you're going to pay for something always ask the person that checking out your things ask them how there day is going. Make them feel good because if you want someone to do the same be nice and ask them to see how they are it doesn't matter if you know them but if they have a worker and there helping you out say thank you and ask how they are doing and ask how there day was. Just make them happy. Always say thank you after getting something. That's showing a lot of manners to someone. Even if you didn't say nothing nice and someone says have a good day say thank you, you too because you're telling them to have a nice day to and that really nice. Never say something that will hurt them then they won't show manners back. If you go out to eat say thank you, and you can even give them a tip showing kindness to them. If you see a worker not having a good one ask them to eat with you or get them something even something else that's nice giving them tips. Always say something nice because that's how you get it back. Manners and kindness are perfect if you want someone to say it back to you. Be happy when they say something good about you and say something nice back. Be good the more you have manners the more you get them back.  