Should people make their own decisions, or should they seek guidance from experts? People who make their own decisions will have success in life. I agree with people who make their own decisions because it will build up confidence, higher chance of accomplishments, and it helps them understand from their mistakes. My first reason why I agree with people who make their own decisions in life is because, it will build up confidence. Having confidence is a big thing to many people because that can do many things in life and will not fail. Having confidence can help people in many places. For example, If you are going to a job interview you will have to have a high confidence in you, In order to get the job. Making your own decisions will help you build up more confidence. My second reason why I agree with people who make their own decisions in life is because, you will have higher chance of accomplishments. If you make your own decisions you can have many accomplishments, because if you make good decisions in life you have more chance of success. You can accomplish anything you want if you make your own decisions, because making your own decisions can be anything you want and you don't have to follow anyone. My third reason why I agree with people who make their own decisions in life is because, It will help people understand from their mistakes. People who make mistakes from their own decisions will have a higher chance to understand and will not do it again. On the other hand, Many people seek guidance from experts so they don't have to make their own decisions;However, making your own decisions will help you be a better person, and it will help you be you. In conclusion, Making your own decisions in life is a good thing for many of us. Making your own decisions will make you a better person, and you don't have to follow others. Many people could seek guidance from experts If they can't make their own decision. These are all of my reasons why I think people should make their own decisions.