The topic is going to talk about is showing kindness. Showing kindness can change peoples lives because you can make them feel better in better different ways for example what you could do to show kindness is picking up peoples trash. Small acts of kindness can help others be successful in life. Showing small acts of kindness makes you a helpful person because you are helping someone out in real life. For example one way to show kindness is when someone drops something you can pick it up. Small acts of kindness can help a lot of people because showing kindness even if you are mad at them, you can still be kind to him or her. For example another way that you can show kindness is by talking to someone nicely. Also showing kindness is really helpful because you can help others in very different ways. Kindness can impact peoples lives because you can make them happy even if their sad or mad at you. For example another way that you can show kindness is by helping someone with their homework. Small acts of kindness can have an impact on others because you are being helpful for them. I think showing kindness is perfect because you are helping someone out that doesn't fell good or their just mad at something that happen one way that you can show kindness is by helping someone translate English to Spanish. Showing kindness is really kind because I think is nice to be helpful to another person. You can show kindness in many ways like helping him with his homework. Even if you help someone with one simple thing you will be showing kindness. Showing kindness to another person even yourself you can make yourself feel better or make another person fell better. Another way that you can show kindness is by helping your friends or your family with cleaning the dishes. Even small acts can help someone out because you are showing kindness to another person. Small acts of kindness can impact peoples life because you are doing something nice for them, it also helps yourself because you are showing kindness to another person. One way that you can show kindness is helping someone with petting their dog. I think showing kindness to a person makes you feel better because you are doing something nice for them. Showing kindness is very helpful because you are helping someone out, and it makes you a better person. One way that you can show kindness is by picking up the trash. Showing kindness even if their sad could make them feel better. One way to show kindness is by if a person is lonely you can talk to them.