In this word we accomplish more if we are always doing something outside or inside. There is always something we are doing even like simple stuff like watching TV, walking, working etc... If we are not always doing something we don't really accomplish anything in life. So let's get up and always be doing something around this world. I think if we be always doing something we accomplish it no matter what it is. If you keep on doing things over and over, and you can't get it eventually you will find a way and get. Also, you keep on trying, and you got it, and you do it over you get better at it. It's like when you were a little kid you try to ride a bike you keep on doing it and try to get it to balance, but every one in life falls, but we always get back up again. Eventually you will get it because you be practicing all day. Also trying new things in life your always accomplishing it. Say you want to do something new that you have never done before like building a bird house, and you don't know anything about math, measuring or how to use the tools. You will probably leading all that by yourself until you get, or you might go see a friend that knows all about building and he could teach you. After he teaches you you're going to try and see what you learn. You might not do it right but once you do it and keep on repeating on what you are trying to accomplish. Always set a goal for yourself. Everyone in this world always mistakes on what they are trying to accomplish, but we always learn from our mistakes. We always get back up and keep on trying till we get it and once you get it you keep on doing it, and you are perfect at. You be able to do things faster and easier in life. I think if you are always doing something in life we will always accomplish it even if it is really hard. If you're not always doing something you can't learn and won't be able to accomplish on what your goal is so never give up on what you want to accomplish set a goal for yourself. If you fall get right back up again and keep on trying. So let's get up and try new things.