Being yourself is better than try to be someone else, being yourself brings you a true friend, not afraid to know who you are, and the most important is that you are honest. When someone is dishonest the person will not have true friends, maybe the person do not know who is. Being someone else is the greatest accomplishment in this world. Being yourself brings a true friend. In this world we love to make friends. Why? It because friends never let you down when we need them. Friend brings as happiness in our life, we can count with their time in conditional, friends are gift of God, whatever place we go, we are always going to find a friend. Friends are like family, they there for you no matter what, sometimes we fight with them, but they will there for us because they know that you are being a true friend. Being our selves we're always going to successful whatever we go. Being yourself is know who we are. Know who we are, is being honest with our selves and not only with our selves same thing with the society that is around us. However,;some people might not like us too much because of our action and the way how we talk hurt them. One action talk a lot of a person because demonstrate that that person know who he is. Know who we are helps with our self steam, also we make friend, the love of people and most important is that we loved who we are and not act like if we are someone else.Finally, being honest, is the best action that a person can have in life no lies, no disappointed on people, no issues. Being honest is how we can have true friends, not only true friends, we earn the respect of every single person that we work with or meet in life. People will trust in a person that is honest. Not in a person that is dishonest. Whatever place we g, we most be honest with all kinds of people no matter what. Friend, teachers, family, etc.; will not disappoint on us, if we are honest every single thing will work for as, there is no issues when a person work honest, it is all the contrary. Being yourself is the best choose than try to be someone else, being yourself you're not fear to know who you are. Also, the most important is that you are going to make, "real friends". However, honest is a strong part of being yourself. No matter what, stay the same, because try to be someone else will hurt you and all the people that is around you. Stay your self even tho the world constantly tries to make you something else.