How much can we accomplish if we are always doing? Thomas Jefferson once wrote, "Determine never to be idle... It is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing." I think he is right, if you think about it, the more you do, the more you will get and learn. Over time, we've seen how many people had accomplished their dreams and goals, because they were always trying and working hard for what they wanted and what they needed. If we are always working hard, we can achieve what we want and even more, I think that's what Jefferson wanted to say with his words, the more you learn and do over your life, the more you will get, people will need you, and because they will need you, they would do whatever they can to get you. Let me put you an example, think about your job, imagine you work in a restaurant, and you start as a cashier, and then you start to learn more, like you start to work in preparation, and then you put your hands in the kitchen, over time, you learn the system of the restaurant, how it works and everything; next thing you know you are the manager, but then you get tired, and you quit your job, so then you can open your own place, and thanks to all you did in the restaurant now you have the experience to run your own place, and even better. Everything you get in your life will be thanks to all you try and learn, because even though sometimes things get difficult, it will always have a reward at the end. This is like when we were kids, and our parents made us do things that we didn't like, for example, when I was a kid I hated to do my reading and writing homework, because I didn't know to do it, but now that I think about it, thanks to all the homework I did, now I know how to read and write in Spanish and English, because even though I didn't want to do my homework, my parents push me to do it, to learn and to be better every day. When I was a kid, my grandma always told me to said "excuse me and thank you," at some point I did it because my grandma told me to do it, but now I see that my grandma though me something a lot of people forgot to do. Everything we learn make us better every day. Some people may believe inactivity is also something good; sometimes doing nothing, is doing more, and is okay to just stop everything and take a break once in a while, but just wait to see if things work by their own is not the best, if you want things to work in your life you have to work hard and never stop, because if you don't work for what you want nobody else will do it for you." It is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing," Thomas Jefferson was right it is wonderful to see what we can do if we never stop. We are humans, and we are smart, not perfect; we can do so many amazing things if we just try and work hard, all we have to do is don't give up.