Do you think it is more beneficial to work in groups? Do you think working in groups makes you focus? Do you think working in groups is easy and fun?. Do you think working in groups is easier?. May people will say No and others will say yes to all this four question. Working in groups is more beneficial than working alone. I think working in groups is more beneficial and good for many reasons because; we collaborate and share ideas, it more fun and easy working together and get a chance to work with people we really don't talk to. And we also get our project or work done on time. Working in groups helps us by sharing ideas: I think working in groups is very important. It helps us bring our minds together to brainstorm some ideas or by sharing opinion about the project or the assignment we are working on. We can discuss and make sure we understand and know the topic that we are working on. By doing this is a great thing because every person is contributing or participating in what we are working on. Secondly, We get everything organized and get our things done on time: working alone something's is very terrible because I takes a while to finish, you don't get it done on time, and sometimes you might need help from somebody, which sucks but working in groups quicker. Since there is about at least three or four people in the group. It makes it faster to get it done on time. It makes it even easier to get the assignment done by contributing and also, assigning or giving each and every person in the group a role to play or something to do to support the group in order to get it done on time. Lastly, another reason why working in groups is beneficial is because it is easy and fun working together and let us get a chance to work with some people you really don't talk to in school. Most people like don't like to socialize with people they don't know, so they choose to work alone. Which is okay, but I think working as groups fun and easy. Plus, it is very beneficial. I feel like working in groups is more fun. It makes us feel more free and more open to work together. When working with a group of people it is more fun because someone in the group may crack a joke or say something funny, it might cause a bit of distraction, but it brings laughter, smile, joy and happiness into our faces and that is what makes more fun and exciting to work together as a group. In conclusion, it is more beneficial working in groups than working alone. In groups, we share ideas, we finish on time before due date, and it is more fun and easy to work together with people but not just by yourself. Because in groups we discuss and make sure everyone in the group understand before we start putting effort in what we are about to do. It is very important to work together in groups because it tells us that we should encourage ourselves and work together as a team. And by showing a team work, handwork, support and determination makes a group work more successful.  