I agree that changing the school lunch menu to a healthier option would be a better solution. This could help resolve some problem we have today. The top problem in the world for this topic is that many people in America are obese and numbers are growing. This also helps show a new generation the many healthier options to choose from. What I think the best thing is the amazing new foods and cultures it can be introduced to you. How many people do you know that their or your kids don't eat the school lunch cause of the food almost every day? In America, we have gone through many tough time's but a big issue that started happening in the late 90s and early 2000s was the growth in obese. The line for what was good and bad for you was smudged and the only thing that was okay was that it tasted good. That's why schools started noticing a change in peoples decisions for healthy or unhealthy choices. And change if not only a small bit to try and help, but that didn't mean they couldn't bring in their own food. Having a healthier option would be good for students bodies and a better state of mind cause you know your giving your body energy and what it needs. We go through life living the way we were raised. That also comes with the food that was given to us as teenagers and kids. All of us have at least one trait that your caregiver did that now you inherited, some people drink coffee more than other cause that how they saw life as. Which is why showing kids and teenagers a better healthier lifestyle early show them better eating options and that all starts with what to eat for lunch at school cause your there for almost half the day. The best part about eating a healthier lifestyle is that you can try new and better options instead of the same lazy food. Almost every country use natural fresh produce in everything they eat cause of their culture. And showing people that might not like that idea, a food they wouldn't eat but end up loving it is the best feeling. This is also educational cause it introduces students to new culture are the world. This show's how they eat and prepare food in their country and the difference in our own lives. It's really eye-opening for some people, and it shows kids not everything that doesn't look good is bad food. Having a healthier option for school lunch is good, but it takes a lot of meal prep, and it's more expensive them getting can or frozen goods. Employees that work in the lunchroom are going to have to come in more early to wash and cut fresh fruits and vegetables which means the school is going to have to pay them more money cause their doing more. And to get the best quality produce, schools are going to have to pay more money which some schools can't do. But the only thing that should matter is the students not this or that. The problem with schools is that their lowering down their standards with food to get things that aren't necessary. They could be using that money for better food and better silver wear items then what we have now. Having school lunches be healthier is better for everyone even if it needs time to get use to. A better lunch can show people different and more unique foods around the globe also helps show's that not everyone's different. This also help's show people that there are better options in fresh and natural items rather than foods that have yellow dye-7. This would also help America be the country it wants to be and how Americans want other countries to see us as a stronger, mature, and all around amazing country. And show that this school is ready for change no matter what happens.