It Has Been Said That First Impressions Are Almost Impossible To Change. Do You Agree Or Disagree With That Statement? People don't know everything by born. They have to learn everything by culture and family. Every culture has different impression, but we have to caught it because we are human. Everybody has a lot of impression. Many people would have different opinion about this statement. In my opinion, I disagree with that first impression are not impossible to change because all people are live in culture, practice can change anything, and they are adjustable. First reason, I believe that first impression are not impossible to change because all people are live in culture and culture change impression. One person has more than one impression and different culture has different impression. People make comfortable with new impression. For example, I was born in Bangladesh, but I live in the USA. I have a different impression than before because now I am live in new culture, they have new impression. Almost I forget my old impression because USA culture change my impression. People help us to change our impression because whatever we see around us, we can hold it. Another reason, I am not agreed with that first impression are impossible to change because practice can change anything. People don't want to do whatever they don't like. But if you do every day whatever you don't like one day you will like it because practice can make anything perfect. For example, my friend who came from Bangladesh without family even she disc't know anything about this place. But she has to do everything her own self. Every day, she is practice new culture that's make her to learn new impression. Now she doesn't remember her old impression because if you practice everyday new things. You will forget old impression because she doesn't't practice her old impression. Finally, I disagree with that first impression are almost impossible to change because people are adjustable. In the world, people are the only things who can adjust themselves to any other new things. When we went to the new place we have to do the lot of new things. Even we have to change our impression because every place has different kind of impression. And people can adjust themselves with new impression. For example, people impression are like water. Doesn't matter where you put water it will be shape like where you put water because water is liquid, and people mind is changeable. When we go to the new place we have to have change our impression, and it doesn't matter who you are and where you are. In conclusion, people have to say that first impression are not impossible to change because people live in culture, practice can change anything, and people are adjustable with new things. Most of the people wouldn't agree with that statement. We don't have to believe that whatever other people said. People has a right to say whatever they believe. Human beings are adjustable with impression because we are changeable. Whatever we can imagine we can do it. Everything is possible for human. Even I believe that first impression are not hard to change, but we have to be faithful about our opinion.