Most students hope and enjoy a summer vacation after a long school year, but some educators thoughts are completely different as the way they should get their vacations. Although, during the summer break some students do not retain information as easily when they return in the fall, overall, the summer is a good season to have a school break because of the great weather and the possibilities to get a job for students. Initially, we all know summer is the best season of the year, because it brings more attractions. Of course, the weather is one of the important factors that makes it possible. For example, amusement parks to entertain people, beach's opening, as well as others entertainment places to go visit and have fun. Summer also is a known as a time when family can share moments with others and recover all the energies leaving the stress at home. Also, many people like the summer, because you can practice any sport you want outside, a good way to decrease the percent of obesity and improve our health. Another advantage of the summer is that we have more sunlight during this season than winter, spring or fall, it's allowing us to get done more stuff we need to do and being productive with our time. In short, the student's vacations should be in summer, because is a great season to do many activities and enjoy with friends and family. In addition, as we have more attractions, more personal the companies need, which gives to many people the opportunity to get a job. As a student, a job is helpful in several aspects for good on their lives. For example, maturity, responsibility, new experiences and connections-which is very important to your future. Each one prepares you as a person to deal with your every day lives. Also, students have enough time to save their money and keep it for their purposes, it can be for a college or buy whatever they want without the necessity to pay with their parent's money. As a result, students area viable to gain their own money during the summer, because its offer more opportunities, and also gain new experiences that will help them move forward. Still, some may say that summer vacations are too long and there should be year-round schools, which would total change how long the breaks will be. Then, students can have a balance on their personal lives and scholar lives. The knowledge they acquired is still fresh in their minds so, new stuff to learn will be easier for them, and consequently they will obtain good grades. In summary, the significance of the idea to administrate better how long, and the appropriate time for a break is to know if it is going to affect the student progress, which is the priority of the school. In conclusion, educators wants the best for students, and they just want to find out a better way to rise their progress making them as a better student improving their knowledge. But, it can become as an issue because if you are constantly over pressure, and studying all the time without an consider time to free your mind, it will get you tired. Overall, the summer vacations will keep you distracted with many productive activities during a long break, which are going to let you back to school more exited and willing to keep study.