In my opinion I agree honesty is the best policy sometimes, however, honesty might hurt a person's feelings because the quality of being truthfulness is the key throughout life. For that reason to support my answer you're being trustworthy is better than done or obtained without lying to that person. Hurting them more when you lie to them then be a hundred percent honest with that person. So that why I believe honesty is the best policy sometimes even if u might hurt a person feeling. First, not stealing, cheating because people will not have respect and lose trust for you. Sometimes you could end up in bad situations and problems. So I feel like if you do these things i least own up to your problems by being honest by saying you did this or this happened. Also, people will say bad names to you like your all lies, your not trustworthy, and your dishonest so if you don't want anyone in this world to call you these names be honest at all times. Then, being careful and saying sorry to the things u told people that was a lie instead of being dishonest changing that honesty I say that people start thinking your real and want to be friends with you. Instead those people out there hating you and talking behind your back almost every day. So if u do these things it could change you as what type person your now then back, and it will change how people act towards you or behind your back most of the time. Next, not hiding anything frank from people. For example, Generic_Name dating her best friend boyfriend secretly. Like you don't want to hide anything from the people you love or care for you always want to be honest with them no matter what. You could break there hearts by not telling them something's if the situations important that they most know. If you don't be honest life will make you feel stressful by hiding all these things you're hiding from people, so you do not want to hide anything from the people u love or care for. In conclusion, no one questioned the honesty of the judge's statement. So these are my main reasons to support why I agree with this old proverb says honesty is the best policy. 