I disagree that the school board wants to add an extra hour and a half to each school day. I disagree because many students might have something to do when they come out of school, they are also going to have to get used to a whole new schedule, and they might not have enough time to study or do their homework at home. After school many students might have something to do or attend. For example, students might have to attend a club, take care of one of their younger siblings, or maybe they have a job after school. If the school board adds another hour and half to a school day these students might have to miss the activity that they have or might have to change what they do. This is bad but what is even worse if having to get used to a whole new school day routine. They will need to get used to a different schedule or routine. Students will have to get used to much longer classes and having to leave at a later time. Like I mention in my other paragraph sometimes students have things to do out of school, so they might have to change everything so that they will be able to attend or do what they need to do after school, For example, if they have a job they might have to change their job schedule so that they won't be late. This leads me to my other reason about not having time to do their work at home. Students might not have to time to study or do their homework at home. Think about it. By the time that students get home, eat,relax, and do anything else they do when they get home, they might end up starting their homework at a really late time. What if they have to study for a test, by the time they start studying they might only have an hour to do it. I know some people might say to their school work before anything else, but what if the student is not able to do their work right away. In conclusion The school board shouldn't add an extra hour and a half to each school. Although, many people might think that it is a good idea to have extended school hours. It would save a lot of time and work to just leave the school hours like they already are. And, their wouldn't be a reason to add an hour and half because students get a most of their work done in the amount of time they give them in the school day.  