Even though others believe working alone is easier and better. Strongly believe student do benefit from working in a group. Working in a group has its advantages, and I feel it's a better choice. When work in a group you can see different ideas, learn to work with other, and also you can meet new people. When you work with other people you can see the different ideas also you can learn know things. You can see the same problem in different ways but as a group you try to find the best way to solve them. For example let's say you have to do a project for a class, and you have to do it in a group. As a group you can share your Knowledge of what you know about the topic and share them with you group. Also, you can share your ideas with your group, and see if they like it, or maybe they can add something more to your idea to make it a better one. You can see who you have in common with them also you can see the differences you have with you group members. Working as a group can really have a good advantages. If it is a huge project you didn't have to do it alone. Also, you can split work and everyone can get a small portion of the project. You can also see people creativity. In a group every one is good in something, so lets say if there is some who is perfect at drawing and someone really good at writing then the project can look really nice, and the penmanship will look great. You can get it done half as fast with every one in the group does what they have to do and work as a team. When you work in a group you can meet new people. Maybe you change schools. You do not know anyone at your new school. When you work in a group, you can meet new people and make friends. It also works if you are shy because in a group you have to communicate with others to get the work done, or you are just a born leader you can help other how to start the project together or tell people how to do thing because they do not know what to do first. Also, it works, so you can get out your confer zone and try new things. For example, you really like to draw, but you do not know how to draw perfect maybe someone from your group knows how, and they can teach you. As a conclusion I think student do benefit when they are in group. Because not only they can share there different ideas. You learn how to work as a team. You can meet new people, and make new friends.  