My thoughts on what author Ralph Waldo had written, is something I can agree with. The things I have experience and has made me the person I am today, has taught me that doing the same things will not help me learn and grow. Being fearless and taking a risk on something, will change me and anyone else to a more powerful and successful person. When I was young, my parents had gotten me a bike with training wheels, I had started to ride it, and it was pretty difficult to ride. Every day when I came home from school, I would go outside and ride my bike. I started to get better and better, I wasn't struggling anymore. My parent had saw that I have gotten the hang of it and told me that I should try and do it without the training wheels. I was too afraid and nervous that I wouldn't be able to ride the bike with training wheels, so I didn't let him take them off. He told me that if you don't take the wheels off, how will I grow and take risks in life when I'm older and have big things that I'd have to develop and learn what I made a mistake on not doing and learn from my mistake. So I started to think to myself, "If I didn't take them off how will I know that I'm good or horrible". I told my dad to take them off, once he took them off I was pretty scared but then I started to get better and better that I wasn't afraid. I was pretty proud of myself and gave me courage. Once you've done something in your life that was huge and still did the same thing over and over what would you grow from it. You are in this world to learn and grow. To become a stronger, and successful person to accomplish something big and grow from where they have started. If someone was to started off as an employee at McDonald and was thinking of being a manager somewhere and have his own company how could he do that if he's just a worker at McDonald. If he wanted to be a manager and own his own company, he would have to be the hardest worker there and show that he can handle and work and follow all the rules. He ends up getting a raise and is the employee of the month for showing that he's a hard worker. The manger realizes that he's got a big future ahead of him. Year's later, he's a manager at his own company and is being successful in life he's learned that not giving up and risking things to become what he is now is incredible. Last but not least, if someone is not challenging them self, how would they know that they are good at it and could be able to do so much. Ralph Waldo has given people the courage and make them think that they can do anything to become someone you'd never thought you could be. If you believe you can do anything then you are growing and realizing that all you need to do is to be fearless and take risks. That's the point of growing. I have learned so much and ready to learn more and to become successful in my life. The statement Ralph Waldo had wrote is something I agree with and will grow to be successful.