In a center time, many of us think about the benefits of working with a group or working alone. We the students treat the must that we can do to us calcifications. Exist a controversy, that is how more we can have concentration during the assignments in class. I think these show ways of work, can get a good results. Because working with a group or with ourselves, oneself have the responsibility to concentration and do our work. It is only put us effort to prove class. When we're working with a group during in class, these are help for us in class to convert more fun. We can share our ideas to do faster the assignments. Also help to ourselves when one of the group don't understand about the topic. Even if the assignment are complete, the rest of the time the members maybe can talk to each other. But this happens also when the students have a good communication, and they are friendly. However, sometimes can be difficult even the students don't try to study with the group or only due the part of oneself. Sometimes is better working with group, because when working by oneself that can be a little frustrate. Students can have support with a group, but when a student working alone is difficult research information without an option of another person. Working with a group students can be more friendly with another students of different countries, and they can be more caring. Students can show their abilities and be more prepare when they get a job. Also, students learn more of the members. In totality this is an argument to the students that they can't work alone, but they have the option to work with a group to prepare. In conclusion, I agree that is better to work with a group in class than alone. It is a benefit to discover new people, hear more ideas, and be friendly. I think is more helpful to students do the assignments in class. Work alone can be difficult, but sometimes these help oneself to be indecent. It is more great have a group with members that going to help. It is only concentration in a group or not, because oneself need to be more improve every day and pass classes. Work with effort, the students always need help in study in class is a benefit when students see all persons equal to working.  