Do you think that too much oil in your food affect your health, or it improves the ability of how you work at school? I think food that contains too much oil makes you get sick and that's what we have right now, but others think different, and they have their reasons too. Although some say that the school's cafeteria should not change their food because the food that they are offering right now is especially made to make students work better actually, the school's cafeteria should change their food because it gives students more variation to eat and by having a healthier food less students will get sick. Those who think that the school's cafeteria should not change their food have their reasons. One reason is that the food that they are offering makes students work better; this is because it has a lot of oil. Scientific studies say that oil awake people, and make people do their usually actives better. Also, students who have their test after lunch, and they have eaten something that contains a lot of oil; they tend to get better scores than those who didn't eat at lunch; this might be because some of them can't think with the stomach empty, or it can be because oil really helps them concentrate, who knows right. The oil food doesn't sound that bad, isn't? But I will tell you next what is what I think that is bad about it. There are many people who think that the school's cafeteria should change their food. This is because they have their reasons, one reason is to make students eat healthier; this will help prevent students get sick. There are many sicknesses caused by oil, and one of them is cholesterol; cholesterol can kill people if you don't know how to take care of it. Also, by preventing students get sick they will not lose any day of school, and that will help them have good attendance, and they will not get lost in their important classes. For example: Science, Math and History. Another reason to change the cafeteria's food is that it will give more variation for students to eat. This might sound simple, but by giving them more variation to eat; students will feel more free to explore food that they don't know. Also, students will feel more comfortable as if they were at home because you know that when you are at home food variate and that makes it fun. Moreover, Variation of food will attract those who are more likely to stay out of the cafeteria; maybe they don't like the food that we have right now, and they are hoping that the cafeteria change the food. I think that by changing the food in the cafeteria will make a good impact in the school. In conclusion, I think that the principal of my school should change the cafeteria's food because the variation of food will make a good impact in students who don't like to eat at luck right now, and it will also prevent the majority of students to get sick. Even though those who don't want to change the food had a good reason; "The food that we have right now is made to make students be more active". I think that the reasons to change the food are more productive for the improvement of our school.  