I agree with Churchill's statement about that "success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm." Failure plays an important role in the pursuit of the success. We learn of our owns mistakes, including others persons mistakes. At the same time, is very important to be enthusiasm and with a good attitude to address and learns of ours mistakes, to continue progressing in the pursuit of success. If we do not try, we do not make mistakes, if we do not make mistakes, we do not learn, and we will not be success as we want to. It is so important that when we make a failure. With enthusiasm, checking where did we fail, how can we fix it, and give the best of our self. You can see, that how the next time that you pass with the same circumstances, you will not make the same failure that you did the last time, and at the time you will become an expert according to the area you are trying to perform. Do not let the fear of going from failure to failure, prevent you of pursuit the success. Every vary make mistakes that is why, it is very important that we do not have to lose the enthusiasm. The enthusiasm is what make us, to stand up, learn of our failure, and continue pursuit the success, do not matter which one, or how it is the circumstances of our failure. At the same time you can learn of the failures of others persons. That way you do not have to pass with same circumstances that they pass before; and you can economize your time to success faster. Listening, reading and paying close attention of what other person transmit about their failure can help us more than what can we think. Imagine the much you can get just for give some minutes of your time, to listen the important things you can get from the failure of others. So open your mind and pay attention. In conclusion, it is good to failure. Every time we make a mistake, we learn about it, and we will never forget what we learn from them. Therefore, do not let a failure prevent you to be success, and learn of your failure and other people failure.