Many students become participated in extracurricular activities to acquire a great educational experience. In addition, some students involved in activities that they don't have so much time to study or complete assignments. Finally, the students who participate in activities after school they don't spend so much time with their families in the afternoon. Some people argue that if students participate in activities they will focus more in what they participate; however this is the opposite because they can obtain help with their homework, and projects. Undoubtedly, students involved in the activities of the school. To start, many students become involved in extracurricular activities to enrich their educational experience. Most importantly, a student who wanted to overcome in life wanted a good education. For example, Generic_Name is a student with a great purpose in life, and he wants to study a career. He become involved in activities like staying after school while he was in high school because he wanted to improve in the school, and be a good student. As a result, he thinks that maybe is not necessary being involved in so many activities to enrich an educational experience. With a good behavior and good grades he will enrich in his educational experience. If he shows good grades in class, then probably he will be better in his education. Not only the extracurricular activities enrich the education, being involved in activities allows a student to have little time to do homework assignments as well. Additionally, some students become involved in activities like sports, and they have little time to do their homework or study. A student who join in activities don't have so much time to finish their homework. Case in point, Generic_Name is a student she goes to high school, and she likes to play soccer. Generic_Name is very athletic she joins in the soccer team, and she stays after school for practice every day during the week. She is a smart student, and she likes to get good grades as well. Furthermore, when she gets involved in the soccer team now she doesn't have so much time to complete homework assignments, and study. If she doesn't stay after school every day, then she probably will have more time to complete her homework. She thinks that it can possible to her because she shows interest in what she wants. Participate in activities allows having little time to complete assignments, and allows spending little time with the family as well. Lastly, students who get involved in activities after school they obtain little time with their families. However, many students likes to participate in activities of the school. In particular, Generic_Name is a student who likes to participate in the activities of the school. She likes to participate in the class activities, games, and clubs. She likes to stay after school because she is participating in one club. Furthermore, she just stays after school on Mondays, Wednesday, and Fridays. When she stays those days she pass little time with her family. If she doesn't stay these days, then probably she will have more time in the afternoon with her family. Plainly, the participation that she demonstrate in the sport she improves as athletic. Some people say that involved in activities will impair some students because they can focus more in participating in activities, and not focus on their class grades. However, this idea is inaccurate. For illustration, Generic_Name is a student, and he participates in a club where he obtains help with his homework, and projects. When he doesn't understand his homework assignments he goes to the club. If he didn't participate in the club, then likely he will not receive help from the club. Therefore, participating in other activities the students can obtain help with their homework, projects, and improve their grades. In conclusion, participate in activities can be helpful to some students. Many of students prefer to participated in extracurricular activities to improve their educational experience. Secondary, some students become involved in activities, and allows students to not have so much time to finish their homework. Finally, students who participated in activities after school they have less time with their families in the evening. Conversely, a lot of students participate in extracurricular activities, they have less time to study, and they have little time with their families. 