Two minds think better than one. Working with someone else can bring many benefits and opportunities to everyone, but there is many people who prefer to work by their self. Working in a group can help to have done everything on time, and we can establish a good environment in the classroom. Each person have different opinions, and we have to respect it. Working in groups help to have everything done on time, since we are gathering many types of ideas and information from everyone. For example, in the USA there are a diversity of people from different parts around the world, and each person have a different opinions and ideas in how they see everything. However, some people think that they have better opinions about what they are doing than others, but an opinion or idea is just a help that can guide to the best option. Having groups in classes is a help that can benefit. Because, they are helping each other. When someone is working alone can be struggling and do not ask for any type of help to keep going and make things nicely. When we are working in groups, we can establish a good environment with our classmates, since there is a lot of communication between classmates. For example, if we work alone, we would not be able to communicate each other, because, everyone is concentrate in what are they doing. Otherwise, people from different parts of the country would not have the opportunities to meet each other and learn different cultures from their classmates. Knowing each other can create a calm and gradable place to stay and share with every student in the classroom. Even other students would prefer to be there. Many people would like to be in a place where they can share and work together. But many people are looking where they can work with people from different types of cultures and listen every idea or opinions in life. Having someone to work with, can make evening easier than working alone. Every teacher should allow or try to create a better place where students feel comfortable. 