Positive attitude is the key to a successful and happy life. People who have positive attitude will act more with integrity and honesty. They will respect the dignity of others. They will take responsibility for your actions and their consequences. In order to gain self-respect and confidence people need to have a positive attitude. 3/5 people in the world has a positive attitude. It has been proved that people who have a positive attitude has the highest acceptance rate in a community, then the people who do not have a positive attitude. However, it's true that people who have a positive attitude are happier, and it has an important impact on the society due to their daily life activities. They will show empathy, compassion, and care towards the needs and feelings of others. People who have a positive attitude will always think creatively and find different ways to solve their problem. It considers many perspectives and how their solution will impact others in so many ways. As we all know people who have a positive attitudes are more respectful people among the people in a community. They still need more attention and encouragement for their good deeds and being a rule model for kids. People who have a positive attitude will impact the society in good terms. For example most of the people who has a positive attitude are more knowledgeable, They will help others in their problems, they will seek ideas, information, and share their personal experiences just to help others in their hard times and show them the right way. People who have positive attitude are open-minded and so as creative. If you want to bring changes in your life you have to hang out and make more friends who have positive attitude. People who have positive attitude are intelligent and smart, they have a solution for every problem, they will act the same, they will have the same energy, they will not give up easily. Like they said welcome mistakes as a way to learn. Celebrate when you achieve something. Think of ways to improve everything you do in your life. In order to gain some experiences and life lessons. People needs to spend more time with people who have positive attitudes. People with positive attitudes are so caring, balanced, and have a lot of experiences from life. Which it includes as a good experiences and bad experiences. However, these experiences are so helpful for the people who want to change their bad attitude to positive attitude. If they want to change for the better version of themselves, They have to talk to someone who has a positive attitude and stuck to the process and let go of off their bad habits. Therefore, we need more people who have positive attitude and at the same amount of time they can help others to change for the better version of themselves. People with positive attitude are symbols to kids and for the upcoming generation. Moreover, people with the positive attitude are all this world needs, and we have to give them their credits and salute to them. Lastly, people with positive attitude have self-confident, and reflective views. Society will introduce them as a rule model, their good deeds and positive attitudes will encourage kids to call them, their real life heroes. People with positive attitude are so down to earth and so kind hearten people. We have to give them the respect that they deserved and knows their value, that how important they are, and they can be. People with positive attitude will commit everything, just to bring a good change in your life, and to see you do good and be a successful person in your life. People with positive attitude are people who will not let you down, they will not break their promises, and they will not lose your trust. For example: sometimes people will lose themselves in world with so many people, at the same they can find themselves with the right person who can guide them to the right path in a lost world. To help them get through their hard times and hold their hand and guide them to the right path, where they can work on themselves and build up what they have lost in the past. They can take the second chance and move forward to a successful life. To be continued, People needs to have a positive attitude in order to graduate from High School, College, and Universities. A lot of people are smart, they have money, but they are lacking on having a positive attitude. It causes them a lot of family problems, problems in public, and in school. However, it's not good for their life. Generally, they need to bring changes in their attitude if they want to do good in life and be a successful person. To conclude, it is one of the most valuable factors, that everyone needs to know about it and share it with others. Positive attitude is the key to successful,self-respect, and self-confident. People who have positive attitude are the most honest, trustworthy, and they are so down to earth people. Positive attitude can help people to rebuild their identities and to stay focus on daily activities.  