I will be honest with this. I know about politician just a litter bet, but I don't know what? John Lubbock wrote about it the British naturalist and politician something. I will do is to try to tell you about this thing like politician it's control people on different ways like. We saying one person it's running to be a president, but he need support of him own people on his party like support what choose he had to make and see for the people if you make people happy they will love you, and they will vote for you but if you don't do anything from then they don't vote for you. This mean you have to convinced the people or other work buy the people with no the way you give money for you vote. The way. I mean to buy the people it's to do something from then, and they will see if you are the best chose they can make or for the country. When they see you trying to make the country better or fix something it's bad they will take the best choose for the country evened you will do something to the country, but you need to be the president first and you promise you will do it! The British naturalist this mean just the naturalist is when the people come from other country, and they stay longer to be a dissent this mean him will have to naturalization from him con from and the new country him staying after him is done with naturalist him can vote when the country has for voted for any reason like we're saying buy and sale of gun on the street. That can be right to do it. The type of stuff you can give an opinion now after you naturalist they are many people on the world they move to the new country just because the economic and the politician. They looking better opportunity on life. We can see all this on the government like the president process him will do some with he plays and never do it. They are a other thing he says, but he never makes a work. I try my best to explant this my best example if I am not wrong if the it's going on life. I honest I feel like all this I write for the politician and naturalist I be worn or maybe not I never no but I DI It my best and I hope the next time I will proper for this I can keep going text by text just taping stuff.