Do you think students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home than at school? I believe taking classes online at home could be very beneficial, because you wouldn't have to worry about getting distracted by other students like you would at school. You'd be able to advance at your own pace, meaning you won't have to rush at everything. Lastly, you wouldn't have to be so stressed from all the homework you get from each teacher in each class, but everything has its disadvantages as well. I'd like to start by saying that not being distracted from your class is great, most students get easily distracted by others. Anything that makes you lose your focus during class is considered a distraction, which includes even cellphones. If you don't pay attention to class your most likely going to end up getting lost and fail, but when you're at home doing your work online by yourself you wouldn't have to worry about this. Another benefit from being able to attend class at home, would buy that you can move at your own pace. This is a big benefit, for example at school I have to follow the teachers pace and sometimes when the teacher moves to fast on a subject I end up confused and lost making me fail the test or not doing good on the homework. At home, you could take your time to process and understand the subject before moving on to a different one. Helping you do a lot better. My final reason would be less stress. I say this because I'm stressing right now to keep up my good grades. I get too much homework and most of the time I don't get time to do it because of work or family. Furthermore, I'm the oldest at home and I have to take care of my siblings, which means having to make food for them, clean up the house making sure everyone's ok. Making me not do homework after school. Most of the time I have to stay up late doing homework. I wouldn't have to worry about this if I did everything online making me less stressed. I have given you three reasons on how doing your classes online can be beneficial, but there are also some disadvantages. One of them could be not interacting with other students. I know that earlier I had said others can become a distraction but that's during class after class it's nice talking to others, everything has its time and place. Another disadvantage could be that you may need help with something, and you won't be able to have someone to help. At school, we have our teachers and when your stuck with something they can help you by explaining it in other words to make it sound more simple. So, there our benefits on having class online but also disadvantages. I end this essay by saying that I still believe taking online classes at home can benefit you a lot, But everyone has their own way of learning. If your more of an independent person than I would recommend taking online classes but if your more of a social person than stay in school. All that matters is that you pass your class.