I have multiple talents and skills, but my favorite one is skateboarding. Skateboarding is a very difficult skill it takes several hours, days maybe even years to accomplish and learn a trick on a skateboard, but that's why it's such a unique sport and skill. Skateboarding has become a daily activity for me, it takes all my stress and problems away, that's why I enjoy it so much. I skate everywhere to the store, a friends house, and maybe even to school. Although I get lots of injuries like scrapes, bruises and many more I still love this sport because skateboarding has taught me a lot like, being able to be confident when I try new things, getting right back up when I fall, and being able to learn from my mistakes. Skateboarding isn't just a sport, skill, activity or hobby it's a way of life and even tho it may not be the safest sport ever it's still one of my favorite skills that I think I won't get bored with any time soon. When I was nine I had lots of friends that would skateboard, and I didn't know anything about skateboarding at the time, so it was really cool being able to observe such a unique sport. I would always see them practicing and skating everywhere and that encouraged me one day to try it. So a couple of days later I went up to my parents and told them that I wanted to try something new, and it was skateboarding, my mom said she would think about it because she didn't want me to hurt my self, but my dad on the other hand told me to just go for it and that's exactly what I did. The next day after school I asked my mom if we could go to the nearest skate shop, and she said yes. Once we got to the skate shop I was looking around and I was so confused I saw decks wheels and so much more that i didn't even know about. So as I walked in the guy that was working there asked me "is there something specific you are looking for". I told him I was new to skateboarding and that I've never been on top of one, so he taught me what I needed to know about a skateboard like about the deck, grip tape, trucks, wheels, and hardware. After that we got into assembling my first ever skateboard. Once I was done picking out all the stuff that was going to be on my skateboard we paid, and he stared assembling it, once he finished we left the skate shop, and it was too dark, so I didn't get to skate that day sadly. The next day I get back home from school I put down my backpack and I immediately went outside to try my new skateboard out the only thing I knew was to ride but i immediately fell in love with skating. Since that day I've been skating every day and if it's not every day it's every other day. 