Generic_Name3/8/2020Dear, Mr Generic_Name. I am a student who is in attendance at your high school, writhing to you about the changing of our school menu. I, for one, think it's a great idea to change our school menu into a much healthier one. Our current school menu has its redeeming qualities, but it also has a few lose ends. For example; they serve things like pizza, burgers, rice with chicken, nachos, spaghetti, PBA, and salad. Do you see the problem with the food items listed above? 99% of the schools' menu contain high levels of fat and carbohydrates, which is not a proper meal for a growing student, or any human being. I remember seeing posters like the food pyramid, posted on the lunchroom walls of my middle and elementary schools, but not once did the school lunches follow that expatiation. This is the problem with the school menus all over America today, they serve fatty foods filled with carbohydrates and not enough protein, fibers, and good fats. As growing students, we need food that'll give us energy throughout the day, and keep us focused on our classes, but the current menu isn't serving us the food we need; don't get me wrong, they have things like fruits, vegetables, and other good side options, but that's not enough. We need the main meal/ main dish to be the healthiest thing on our trays, not the side dishes. The students at our school may be disappointed with the sudden change in the school menu, but they'll just have to adjust to a healthier menu. It'll be nice if the school menu items was a bit healthier, but the side options must stay the same. The side options our school menu currently have been just fine; they meet the expatiation's of a healthy side option; the offer fruits vegetables and the occasional dessert. The health of your students and my peers are important, and a big part of being healthy starts with what you put in your body, so please continue with the plan of changing the school menu, our future self's will deeply appreciate it. Thank you for our time. Sensually, Generic_Name.