Do you think a good way to success in life you had to fail first?. In this paper I will argue about, why people should believe fain in life it is so important because if you fail a least in one thing in life it's help you be more confident and be prepared for the real world and also help you that if you want something you had to fight for the. My mom always tell me" Be confident I believe in you". When I was in 1 grade in my country Honduras one teacher tell my mom that I'm not in math the I'm going to fail the grade and I did it. But my mom tell me that, and she also tells me if you fail the grade it's no because you are not intelligent. It's because it is difficult for you but I know you can do it and I did it the next year I have to take again 1 grade, but that year was different and the teacher tells my mom that it was amazing how good I was in math and the other class too. I'm happy that I fail 1 grade because shows me if you fail one time doesn't mean you had to give up, you had to fifth back like I did. I always said to me, you had to fight back never give up in my dreams no matter how difficult is. When I was a kid my dream was the I want to be a lawyer. One time in my school we have to said what we want to be when we grow up and I said I want to be a lawyer. One student tell me how could you be a lawyer you're never going to complete that career and said to him, you never know no matter how many times I fail. I know I'm going to be a lawyer because if you not fight back for your dreams. That's mean your I said you are failure person and I'm not a failure person. Not allowed other people said you never going to make never. If you fail one time or more doesn't mean you never going to make is the contrary. In my whole life that it is 18 years old I fail many times but i always I had in mind. I fail I learn a new lesson today because all the fail times I had in my life I take as a lesson to help to prepare for the real world and how it is. Someone may think I wrong to think like that, but they are the wrong ones because no ones is perfect in life everyone makes a mistake or fail in something in life be a successful person in life you have to take step by step and also no matter how many times you fail keep going. You are gonna make don't allowed other person said what exactly you had to do. In the future I hope people never give up in their dreams just because they fail one time or more and also show the person's who tell you "You never going to make it". Shows them that you did it all by yourself.