Dear Generic_Name, in our school is common to see many students working in groups. I would like to tell you that by working in group I can get a lot of benefits. For example, getting a good grade, having a chance to meet new people, to know more about my classmates and even make new friends. I believe that working in group is more beneficial than working alone. I think that having the opportunity to meet new people is really important. When I meet new people; I feel inspired, confident and happy. Because most of the time I like to share my ideas with other people. Although, not all time they will feel related to my ideas, but that's one way I make new friends by demonstrating my interest. I also like to hear peoples' ideas and stories. For example, I like to hear peoples' stories about their life and childhood. I personally like to get good grades on school projects. I think that when I work in groups I feel more confident of what I am doing. Furthermore, I also do my work on time, and I even put an extra effort on my task to get a decent grade. For example, If I make a mistake my teammates will let me know. I will learn from my mistakes. If I make a mistake does not mean that I didn't try, I always try my best every day, to be a better person. So I can not complain that I do not have support because I do have it. Some people say, that working in groups is not beneficial as working alone, people usually complain that they easily get distracted. But I think they are wrong. Because working in groups is more beneficial than working alone. When I work in groups I receive the support from my teammates. But when somebody is working alone they do not receive any support. So I think that working in groups is an easy and beneficial way to do my job and get a good grade. When I work in group there are a lot a benefit I can get: I can meet new people, hear new stories from new people etc. If I get a school project and I have to choose whether to work alone or work in group, I will choose to work in a group without thinking twice. Because I have experience how good it feels to work in groups. Sincerely: Generic_Name 