Do you think positive attitude is the key to success in life? I think it is because if you ain't positive you won't get nowhere in life. Think about it if your positive something's in life will be easier than other things. I believe there's good karma and bad karma if your positive to people and help people out good stuff will happen to you that's called good karma. But if you bully kids, cuss at elderly and don't help people out karma is going to bite you in the butt. That's why it's always good to be nice to people you don't know even if they aren't good to you still be nice because at the end of the day good karma is coming to you. Look at these famous people they made it out of the struggles because they worked hard, and they helped people out. Some people don't get chances to show other people they talent if you keep working hard and get your mindset in the right place you will have a chance to make out the struggles. It's hard to make it out of struggles some people are working hard busting they butt and they barely get money to pay off the bills. Most likely the people that work hard are the people that have positive attitude not all the people that work hard because some people that work hard are rude and helpless. For the people that are helpless and rude won't get as far from the people that have positive attitude. Positive attitude can get you a lot of good stuff in the future. As long as you stay positive and work hard you will be successful in life. Positive attitude will get you places in the future that you couldn't imagine when you are little. Although it's not going to be an easy road to get where you want to be you always got to try. See if your positive in your job, and you help people out a lot of people are going to start to like you that's one way to be noticed. I'd rather work hard with people I know are positive and helpful then working with rude helpless people. Look at the people with negative attitude are they getting anywhere?. They ain't getting nowhere with negative attitudes. Usually the people with the negative attitudes are the ones that get bullied, ain't raised right, or they just won't listen no matter what you tell them. If they change they live around and start listening and respecting people they will get respect back. If you start switching your life up people will start noticing, and they will be happy you. But some people won't change, and they will get sent away to prison if they keep up what they do. In the future always remember that positive attitude is the key to success in life. No matter what people say about you always stay positive don't let the negative people take you down because they said a bunch of nonsense about you that wasn't truth. Don't tolerate bullying either if you see someone getting bullied stand up for them having a positive attitude ain't only about yourself it's about helping people that needs help. I've seen videos of people sitting down on the bus and not move for a lady that can barley walk it shows you how people are now it's pathetic. I'd rather help people out and get known for it then get known for not helping out people.  