Do you agree with "Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm, yes or not? I agree with Churchill's statement of success consists of going to failure without loss of enthusiasm because not all the time we can win or make the things perfect. For example, when I took my English test last year in my English class. I practiced a lot and I did my best for taking A+ or maybe B+, but I did pass the test. I was very sad, however, my teacher told me that I had a second chance. So, I took it and this time I passed with A-, I was so excited. To fall out the test made me to understand that it doesn't matter how many times we can fall out about what we want, we only need to be strong and try as much as we can for being successful. Moreover, this year my aunt was trying to travel to El Salvador, but when she called to the airline for buying the ticket, the tickets were so spends, and she doesn't have too much money, so she decided to wait few months. Seven months ago she called again to the airline and the prices tickets increase more money, but she didn't want to continue waiting more time, so she decided to buy it, when she was buying the tickets the person told her of her ID was already expired, so she can not buy the ticket. My aunt was sad because she did not remember about to renew her documents, but she went to renew her documents some weeks later and after that she has to wait at less three months to receive the new ID. at this time the three months already pass, and she didn't receive her ID, she's really sad because she wants to go visit my grandmother. Even thou she can't travel yet, she doesn't lose her enthusiasm of travel this year to my country. Churchill's statement of success consists of going to failure without loss of enthusiasm is more than true because anybody is perfect, and we need to fall out for learn lessons and learn to be stronger persons in the life. Some people think this statement is not true because some of them loss multiple times for being successful in their life. Also, they say when the person loss the first two times they're losers, study persons, or other bad things that are not right. In my opinion this cause happened to them or they are saying that because they lost their enthusiasm and become weak person. In conclusion, for being successful we have to fall out in the life, like when I fall out my test and with my aunt cause. This teaches to everyone to be stronger person and never lose their enthusiasm of be successful in each persons' life. 