Being yourself brings out the better you in a person. When you are yourself you a better person because you're not changing yourself to be someone your not. Sometimes It's good to change in your life but don't lose the way you are to be someone worse because your attitude and personality is what stands out the most in you. Most people change because they want to be a better person, or they are tired of being so quiet and keep to themselves. The way someone is shows the kind of person you are and to try to change back to the person your not anymore could be difficult because you are changing your ways as a person. Firstly; being yourself means you are unique in your own way. You don't have to change yourself to prove a point to someone. No matter how mean, rude, disrespectful you are you can't really change the reason I say that is because that is how you are already as a person. Most changes can occur maybe from someone loosing another person like they passed away, and it hurts you so much you loose yourself as a person. Changes can reflect you as to what goes on in your life. Like maybe, you suffer from abuse, violent actions, or even depression that can change you as a person. Just by being yourself and pushing yourself to change can be such a big change in your life even maybe to your family that are already used to you being a certain way. If you want to change your way of being change to be someone better who you are now because out don't want to be the person everyone talks about. Just by being yourself you should care about what other people think about you because you are who you are and no one can change that. Secondly; just by changing you can lose your inner self. You had already been trying to be someone that you like or maybe even respect. If you want to change you should do it for yourself don't do it for your friends because at the end of the day they won't care who you are or what you are. Most of who you are and what you do can reflect you as a person of good. One thing my grandma would say to me is" sweetie be yourself don't change yourself for anyone because no one will respect you and love you like your family will". Be you don't push your inner self away because no matter how rude and annoying you are your still one of the best person in your family? No one deserves to be changed just because people think you're not a good person already. Show your inner person because you are probably hiding someone you haven't brought out yet. Most people can bring you down just by talking about you are even getting other people to hate you maybe because your to quite or you're not a good person. Be you unique in your own way and show everyone that you are good with who are already? Thirdly; your personality shows your character as one. No one wants to b friends with someone that he or she is better than everyone else because that's not true. You should always show where you come from even if you are poor and don't live in such a beautiful house. One reason I could say is because most of those things show that you don't care about what people think or say bout you because everyone stands out as who they are. Don't be someone you'll eventually regret being because that could reflect on you changing. If one of your friends, cousins, siblings stops talking to you don't bring out a mean person you weren't supposed to be because they could pull away from you and not want to be near you again. You also can't be a coward just because someone gives you advice on changing the way you are because maybe they are trying to help you be someone better and of good. Be the person that stands out for being himself or herself and not the one that everyone says oh they copy everything get or ever wanted to be more popular somewhere be more known as a person. Fourthly; Changing back someone you had already changed to can be difficult because you had already pushed away the person you didn't want to be. Trying to go back to that person you used to be can be long ago by the time you try to change back to that person. Most of the people that pushed away from you now may never come back because of you changing who you are and or were at one point. Most of the things you did to change yourself can just now affect you and can never be out back together again. Be yourself don't be that person that tries to back to him or herself just because you don't like the now you. You decide to change to be a better person so move on and keeping that person you wanted to be at one point. You've changed for a reason, so now you should them braise it and love your change. Who you chose to be will be that same person you'll possibly be one you are more grown into life. Lastly; be yourself and don't try to change yourself to be someone your not. Who you are now could help you throughout the rest of your life. Maybe not be always yourself but don't do it or someone that doesn't deserve to see a change in you do it for yourself. Do everything to try and be your own and unique person all at one because a lot of people would like to around you. Just by being yourself could always reflect on whom you want to be once you have grown up and leave from your families home.