The positive attitude is the key to success in life? The people that have positive attitude is happy most of the time. However, people with a bad negative attitude is upset and angry most of the time. The Marjory of people think that been positive is the key to success in life. Because been positive in your life help you to not get stress, and in your future you will be a happy person with a good friend. The positive attitude is the key to success in life, because when people have a positive attitude they are more interesting, amusing, and responsible. People with a positive attitude are more interesting than someone that have a negative attitude because when someone is positive they transmit that positive to other people. And that is interesting how a person with a positive attitude can change someone just been positive. This happened more on teenagers. Teens that are positive looks like they are always happy, and they transmit that. Example: you are sad for any reason and some came that always have a positive attitude, and you started talk to him and little by little you do not know how, but started feeling better is because that person transmitted you confidence, just been positive. Have a positive attitude helps a lot because you can help many people just been a nice and good person with everyone and never have a negative attitude. Been amusing person is good and help you to success in life, because people are more positive when they are amusing. People when is amusing they will do everything that they like, and that's good, because when you do what you like that means is fun and that's good for you future. People that are amusing they look like a confidence people, people that you think you can trust and that can help you like in a job, because your boos will trust you, and you could get an assent. Been amusing help in your future, because people will look at you like a nice person, and you will get friends and have friends could help in your future, because they can help you in the latter. Have a positive attitude make people be more responsible, because people are more focus in their jobs or studies when they are positive. People are focus in what they want and that make them be responsible. People with positive attitude always try to find a solution to their problems they don't give up. However, a person with a negative attitude when they have a problem they give up, or they get mad just for a problem. That's why people should have a positive attitude because is the key to success in life. Be responsible to make you be focus in your job or studies, be amusing help you to have fun and have a good life, and be interesting means that you have as positive attitude because you are always happy, and you can transmit that to others persons. In conclusion be or have a positive attitude is the key to success in life, because make you more responsible, amusing, and interesting.  