I agree with the Former British Prime Minister Winston Churchill because in my opinion, the failure makes to the people strong and the next time they can do it better. Sometimes we are making failures day per day, but if we become sad, and we are closed that we can not do it again, we are losing something important in our life, but if we are doing it with enthusiasm we can improve our failures and do it better every time. Success is the achievement of doing what you have tried to do or what to do. Winston Churchill is referring that no one have to lose the enthusiasm, however if you are making mistakes in your life, and you are saying that you can not do it, and you will try it, but you are going to get the same results, and you are giving excuse by excuse you will fail in your life because you are giving up easily and you don't see that every cost and fight at the end it has a benefit or something that you really wanted to get or a goal that you are trying to reach, and you will see that you don't have to lose the hope and the enthusiasm in every dream that you want. The failure has an important role in the pursuit of success, sometimes a lot of people do not have the enthusiasm, and they think that it is the end of everything, the failure can be the destruction for a lot of people, but if you make a lot of mistakes, and you are keeping fighting still to get your goals you will see how important is not give up easy and watch the positive part of your failures. When Winston Churchill said "success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm," he is only saying that sentence, but it has a big meaning everybody can apply it in their lives, you can find the best outcomes just smiling to the problems. It does not mean that you will not care the problems, of course you have to resolve the problems and make them clear, because if you are making failures and people is affected and you don't care you just want to get your outcomes it will be a big problem, nobody needs to be involved in your failures because the people around you will see that you are making a mistake, and you are selfish. Churchill's statement has big meanings and has good outcomes, everybody wants success, but what happens when someone is trying to get success and miss? Of course everyone will feel so sad and no one wants to try it again because the person is afraid of their failures, it is like if the failure is tying you, and it does not want to leave you. The persons will be sad, and their hopes will be down because they think that they are going the get the same outcome, but what happens if you raise your head with enthusiasm? Winston is trying to say us that the enthusiasm is very important to get the success because if you have enthusiasm you will fight with love for something that you really want. An enthusiasm person has more possibilities to get success than a person sad, broken and a person who is thinking just negative thoughts or who is close that they will get the same result and give up easily like nothing will happen if he/she is going to try it. The enthusiasm has an important role in the success because you will keep your head up and keep fighting for your goals all the time and every time that you will make a failure it will be easier to resolve it, because you have a key, and you are enrolling every time when you get one failure. The enthusiasm help to the people to see the answer of the problems easily because the brain will be relaxed and will think the best things, however, when the brain is frustrated the brain can not think correctly. So, if you are enthusiasm you will do it very good because you want something that you want, and also it will be something that will improve your life not just in the success of work or study it can be in all your whole life you can get success and everything if you apply this in your life, and the people around you like your family will see how important is this role in the life, and they will want to learn about the enthusiasm in the failures, and they will understand that sometimes we don't need to destroy ourselves or lost the head in something that we can resolve easily that enthusiasm is helping us to improve ourselves. I agree with Churchill's statement because the enthusiasm it is an important role you can motive to other people to be enthusiasm, and they can resolve their problems using the same method. Sometimes the failure are really hard to resolve but if you really want to reach it you have to feel enthusiasm because I think that automatically you will see the answer clearly and easily and if you are frustrated your brain will not work and will be closed and sometimes when we are frustrated we are getting extras failure because we don't think clearly and we don't think about it. Sometimes we have to learn a lot from the failure and we don't see it, the failure can be some steps just to reach the success and the goods outcomes. Winston is showing us that the failure can be defeated it does not matter how long it is going to take but before the success you have to keep strong and smiling to the big failure. Winston Churchill is using a statement that means that we don't have to give up easily we have to fight for something that we want to make real. Example: The success in the school can be really difficult and more than one time we can fail because we don't do homework, but we want to pass, so if we want to reach this goal we have to enthusiasm ourselves because we have a goal that we want to reach, so we are going to fix our failure, and we are going to do everything because after school we want to go to college and get a good job. In conclusion, the Churchill's statement has an important role that failure plays in the pursuit of success. The failure is just a difficult step to reach the success and with enthusiasm we can defeat to the failures. The enthusiasm is a supply very important in to enroll for the success.