Do you wonder is a great idea to choose a career at a young age? In my position is an excellent idea to choose career at a young age, Because in some societies, student are expected to identify a career by the time they enter high school. there are many courses of classes are selected to guide them toward to choose a specific career. For example: first it benefits them to start at the age to have in mind what are some types of career the student want for his or her future after graduated from high school. Second thing it would persuade them which type of diploma they would like to have if the advances diploma or the standard diploma, the advance diploma it requires to have 9 sol pass and all the classes and for the for standard it requires 6 sols and all the class. When you enter to high school your counselor would guide you which diploma the student want to have and which career for the future. Third when you are in high school they give the student basic classes that you need to pass for 9 grade and 10 grade to persuade faster and easier, to have some experiences and knowledge on what are your goals and be prepared on the others two years, if you like the same career you pick when you enter high school, or you want to change your mind on a different type career want to do, teachers and counselor are a great full help for student to success to guide the student what are some great benefits the career the students pick to study to give him the amount of money to lived and work with the career and be successful in the future when the student finished the high school. Finally, for 11 grade and 12 grade they give the student some diff ult classes to pass to graduated from high school, 11 grade is more diff ult to pass, Because it requires 2 classes to graduated pass for to get 12 grade the student only come for the classes the counselor give student to be prepared for what diploma the student choose, if he's the advance diploma or standard diploma for his or her career the student choose to graduated. For my conclusion is a wonderful way to start in a young age, To start thinking what would you want for your future if this is a great career to pick and what's benefits give you for your future, in high school they prepared you for what the student planing to do when he or her graduated from high school, if his going to college to have a better life or go nova to be prepared on what you like to do in the future, You have some knowledge of what career you would success in the future and start thinking this is what you like for your career and make it real the dream what you want to become in the future. There many careers you can choose to become someone in life, this is way I think they should start at the young age when they enter to high school teacher and counselor would do the best to make the student to choose one career student is interested on. To study in the future and success on college to have a better life for her or his family in the future, that's why is great idea to start at the age to pick the career they want to do on future.