Some people say working alone is more beneficial. Well I think working in a group is more beneficial. My first reason is it keeps you away from boredom. It keeps you away from starring at a wall for hours. And it keeps you away from sleeping in a classroom. Its more helpful having someone to raise and boost your energy and being the confident person you are. Now days in a classroom were having 60 percent on students being unsure about there answers and being unsure if they should even speak up. Being in a group helps you raise your voice. Many Adult and students are suffering boredom and that's not healthy. Talking to your peers and being around people more keeps you away from depression. Making your self feel more confident about yourself shows who you really are its like the next step to being a risk-taker. My second reason is you can talk and discuss with your group about your project or work together. Its faster being in a group where you can actually discuss your thoughts and idea and feeling more confident than ever. Having a partner check it look together for any mistake or errors. My final reason is you save lots of time for yourself. And not everyone is right. But creating these ideas from yourself and your group could make something turn out to be unthinkable. Being in a group makes your mind grow and learn new things and ideas from other people. You're having a good time with your friends and if not you meet new people that may become friends with you. You want to talk and move around and meet new people getting out. Not being shy or denying yourself wrong. Being in a group is like your bring peace in a table. I believe that everyone should try new things being in a group and it's okay if your wrong because there is no right answer. Being in a group helps you become bigger and bold about yourself you're trusting you self and your classmate. I believe working in a group is more beneficial rather than working along checking your self and thinking if your long and feeling positive about yourself.