People should not make their own decisions because people hurts someone feelings about the decisions they are making, people always need someone to be agreed if their decisions are good to make it, and people think just because they are old enough can make better decisions. People hurts someone feelings because they made something awful even if a person tells them that they are doing wrong things, they keep doing it, because for them the decisions that they are making are great for them. One example, let's say, when we were young that we fall a lot of time in love. We were wishing to have someone to advise us because we think if the decision that we are going to make is not going to hurt someone. We always think about what is going to happen if we do things that we know are not good choices. We need somebody to advise us about anything. Another example, when I was planing to leave my house with my boyfriend because I did not want to go to school. I get really mad. I did not think on anything. Furthermore, I just wanted to do it even if Mom gets a heart attack because she wants me be more educate and have a better future, so someone that I have not seen in my whole life get close to me and say" You are too young, think about what life can bring you if you go to school, if you graduate from college that many wonderful things you can have. Do not throw your life in that way. You will have time to be with someone" I realized that I was making the worse decision ever. Everyone always need someone to be agreed about their decisions, because someone may have a lot of experience about life that way they can be the guide for them. They can talk about the decisions that they were making in the past and that can helps to make a good decisions. One example, one friend made a bad a awful decision. His family told him to stop doing the things he was doing because it will be a lot of consequences. That is what happened he made a wrong decision. He did not listen and now is dead because of his decisions. Most think that they are old enough to take their own decisions, as we can see, it does not matter what age we have. What matters is how mature we are, because we have to be aware of the responsibility about any kind of decisions we are going to make. We have to say to ourselves" okay if I do this I have to be conformed about the result that I am going to get". Clearly, All we do is because someone is making us better by telling that we do not always have to trust on ourselves. Sometimes for some discussion we do not do the right thing, we do not think, and we use our bad mood and due to that we make bad choices. We have to be more responsible. " Make good choices, do not let your mood take position of your actions". Think before your decisions. 