Most companies look for specific characteristics in potential employees. Some people think that companies shouldn't look for specific characteristic in people and let the person that's applying, get the job and learn while he/she is working with the company. Some people have a better education than others, which that would be one of the characteristics that company would be looking for, trying to hire someone. But sometimes those people aren't good working with other people and in my opinion that is very important to keep and good work environment. I think I'm a very good candidate because, I'm good working with people, I am always willing to work extra hours if you need me to, and finally I'm may not have much experience on this kind of work, but I'm a pretty hard worker and will try my absolute best to learn the job. One reason, I think I should be hired is that I'm good working with people. One of the things I enjoy the most about working is the ability to work and share ideas with people in my past jobs, I feel like it makes the work environment a lot better because it makes the work easier and more enjoyable. Because the more are working together the job gets done faster, I'm always willing to help if anybody needs me I'll be there planning things out with the person give him/her feedback on what she thinks and work out something that can work for both the company and themselves. I try to get along with all my work partners, so I can make it the best experience for me and for everyone else around me. Another reason, is I'm always willing to work extra hours if needed. I worked extra hours in past jobs before because for one my work co-workers because they were sick. So if you ever need me to work for extra hours don't hesitate to give me a call. Because we all need a break sometimes, but there are times when we can't give the workers that break because the company doesn't have enough people to cover that person. That's why I'm willing to work longer hours, so those workers can take that break they so much desire. Finally, I'm a hard worker like you read in the last paragraph I'm willing to work longer hours, so that should give you an idea. What ever job you give me I'll do it at the best of my ability, it doesn't matter what it is I'll do it. Although I don't know how to do much of what this type of does, I'll do my best to learn it as fast as possible, so I can give you the best results I can give. I'm always willing to do something new and challenging, so I can extend the things I know, All I want you to know is that what ever you tell doing I will give my one hundred percent. As you have read this why I think I make a good candidate and a good addition to your team. I'm good working with people, I'm willing work longer hours if needed, and I'm a hard worker. I hope you consider hiring me and I hope the best for the company. Furthermore, I think only when you see me actually working in your company and see the things I'm able to bring to the table you will see I was the best option for the job. Thank you for reading and taking my application for consideration.  