We all have our own goals that we would like to accomplish in the future. Perhaps you still want the same thing as when you were a kid, maybe the technology has changed your plans. I personally want my dream to go to college accomplished by the future, get a career, high education, be the first one in my family that has gone to college.First going to college can help me get the career I want which is game designing. Game designing is a career I have wanted to get since I turned twelve years old when I first started playing Minecraft. Minecraft is an awesome game where you can build really cool things that come out of your mind, to may create a whole new entire world in there. When I turned twelve I always wonder how did they make games go so real, so I started reading articles, books, etc. then I stared playing more games, and it was incredible. I want to go to college and be able to make my own games because I know people would love playing them. I want to make my own gaming company and kids going around talking about my games. But the only way I can actually do that is by having a college career. My second reason why I want to go to college is because the majority of people in the United States just drop out of high school. People who dropped out of high school have a really low education degree. I personally want people to think I am smart just by looking at my education record. If u completed your goal in college, if you graduate, people would offer perfect jobs to you with a high salary only because your education is high, and you know what you're doing because they've taught you that in college. Last but not least I want to be the first one in my family that has actually gone, completed, and graduate out of college. My family is not poor nor is rich we are in the middle class, which I understand why some of my family could not actually afford to go to college. But some people in my family had has the opportunity, and they just didn't wanted to go because they wanted to live the life, was they're excuse but living the life is not working at a pizza place or McDonald's. I want to demonstrate to all my family, who actually had the opportunity of going to college and didn't, that the way they think living the life is wrong. I want them to see that even going to college you can still live the life and probably even better when you have actually graduate. Furthermore, I want for my two little brothers to see, to be proud of their sister and be a good role model for them, so they can follow my steps and get a good live. We all have our goals that we would like to accomplished in the future. Maybe when you grow up you are just going to change plans and do something more important. I want to go to college, so I can get a career, I want to go to college so I have a high education degree, I want to go to college to be a good role model to my little brothers and kids in general. Going to college is just a really important thing in your live that some people don't get the opportunity to do and some do.