I'm strongly agreed with Thomas Jefferson statement about..."determine never to be idle... it is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing". There are many motives to don't be idle, but I consider that the most significant could be your own health. Doing something productive keep your body and mind working, and as we know exercise help us to avoid many kinds of diseases, and perhaps raising our lifetime. It's like my grandfather told me someday in the past..."if I stop to work, I'll die, because, work help me to forget all my bad situations in my life even my diseases, and instead of that I'm always thinking... what would be my next task to accomplish?". My grandfather is 80 years old, and he worked all his life, all my family members says that he is so intelligent, and can see the satisfaction in his eyes when he accomplishes something, I used to be idle when I'm in a difficult situation in my life, that don't make me feel good enough at all, is quite the opposite, that make me feel in a situation or stress or anxiety. Even my doctor says that I need to distract myself practicing some sport or at least walk around the street. That something simple but changed my life, because I met people, I made new friends, and I've got a job where I feel so confident. But that wasn't easy, because I fought, and I'm still fighting against my pride and my arrogance that don't let share good times with the people around me. You can learn more if you are always doing something, even if you make mistakes, because of mistakes you will know how to avoid them in the future, at the same time that would help you to develop new skills which is a good benefit for yourself when you're looking for a good job or social position. You going to be able to make more task easily, making you more intelligent. , because you are earning experience, the experience also you will help you, to know what you really want to do in the future. If you determine never to be an idle, and make the decision to be an active person, you can know more about yourself and life, and you also will find your path in this world; what really is your purpose in this life.