Former British Prime Minister Winston Churchill stated a quote that said, "success consists of going from failure to failure without loss." There are 3 reasons why I agree with this statement. The first reason is, failing will want to make you push for a success, the second reason being that you'll have more of enthusiasm when your found more ways to succeed, and the third reason is achieving for higher goals. I agree strongly with this prompt and Winston Churchill's quote, yet some people think it's something at may not be true and think less of them self. In the first paragraph I will explain my first reasoning with a strong example of it. First, reasoning to this prompt would be, falling will want to make you push for success. Even though not many people think that is the way that many of our past inventors had learned. Albert Ens tine was one of the smartest people out there, yet he had come face to face with failure many times in his life. The only way he learned was to try many other different ways to solve his problems. He used failure as an inspiration to keep trying like our first inventor of the light club. Even though many people found it frustrated and difficult when they've failed, which pushes on to my second reasoning. Next, the reason would be that many people think different about them selves when they fail in something. Thomas Edison thought different, even though he had failed 100 times, he had not given up. When he finally successes, he said a quote that is in my mind till today in this present day. That quote was "I didn't fail 100 times, I found 100 ways that it didn't work." Even though, Thomas Edison had failed he maintained him self with a lot of enthusiasm, Failure is never an option, but finding a solution to it is a success. Finally, the last and final reason is achieving for high goals that you want to reach. It doesn't matter what others may think of it or if you'll be able to active or not. Show them that they are wrong even if you come to a failure don't stop, find a solution and fix it to make it better than before. You'll reach higher goals with higher potential then what you'll ever imagine. Then later on you will be able to do anything you put your mind to and demonstrate your knowledge to the world. In conclusion, doubting yourself is not how you active your success. Finding a way to solve it is active your success. Get the inspiration from the people who had once been in your spot and they're done to successes to there goal. Even if failure is a role in life to find success it's the only way you'll reach it. Failure is only a motivation to get you to successes.