I met a friend online from Generic_City, therefore I went to visit him and learn a lot about his culture. In this paper I will argue about that the use of technology haves a positive effect on peoples lives and human contact. In my opinion technology haves a positive effect on people lives because they can find new jobs, meet new people, and communicate with other people that you are nervous to talk in person. Having a hard time finding a job? There's a lot of jobs available online and you can sign up online without going to the store and ask for a job application. If your sick and can't go to work, therefore you can contact your boss online and ask for a day off and avoid getting fired by not coming to work. If you need to talk to your boss, and he is not in work you can send him an online message. You can see that technology helps your job to be easier without having any problems.Don't you feel bored knowing only about your culture? You can meet people from different culture online and learn more about there style of life. Technology helps you vision other peoples thoughts and opinion from another country. Technology is the glue that helps a lot of people from different culture work together and hate each other less. People can learn how to fix there mistakes by seeing other people online from different cultures instead of fixing it on your own tradition way that may be harder or useless. For example I learn how to fix a car much easier by following my friend method from Generic_City. I haven't seen my family for six years and only talk to them by sending text messages. I'm shy and nervous to communicate with them in person. Technology helps you built that confidence to talk with other people from around the world or people that you care for. It Doesn't matter if you only communicate with them sending only online messages. At least you are expressing your feelings your thoughts and your opinion to your loved one or your friend that you are shy to talk in person. Some say technology is ruining human contact with other people in person. But they are wrong because technology helps you to meet new people, find a job, and communicate with people that you are nervous to speak with. I hope one-day people around the world understands that without technology we wouldn't have the diversity we have in this world today.