Tomas Jefferson say is wonderful how much may be done if always doing. And is one of the reason I degree with Jonas because if the person always doing something learning stuff they never before do. Is wonderful how much the person can be done and learning new stuff if always work hard. One of the many reasons of the human is an intelligent, stroong, smart and do new stuff no matter if they are easy or difficult. If they work hard can be done everything. For example the human not born with the capacity to walk or speak all human learn how do new stuff not matter how difficult the rare because more do more learn. One of the big point of always do something is prepared for life, is not easy but doing something to make sure the person is in the right way is the most important things the person need to know. Teaching personality and work hard is the big stuff, however one point of life the thing come hard but teaching how go and do resolve the problem. Not matter how be is the problem you need to go and do something then make how strong the person are. The person need to struggle with problems but learning and work hard is the main reason why the person is strong. On one point has the access to take something and work on that, but doing something is how learning new need stuff. Example the person who invent the technology they work hard and always do something to make they dream to come real and this why doing something and do the best potential is how make all the stuff of life. The person who study and prepare to make that dreams are those work and not matter hoe big is the way they make one easy way to continue they dream. Doing somethigs always is the reason why the society do big work define new thing new technology new life because always are doing some this. The person not born with all the intelligent not they learn how walk, speak and one point of life they go to school they not know everything. Not they do something the work hard, however a lot person are very smart, but they continue to learn always doing something because they want to a better because they want to support the world and they family a better place. Likely the most professional always do something to make sure they live are excel of the most difficult point of they live because always work hard and make new things, because not matter how low they education the person take always can be a better person because always try to define the best decision and the best example to the society. A different way to make the personality strong is found new ways to the problem. Life is like a game more things more work more easy is to make the things. If the person are always doing something new and they not choose to stay a d the same place all the time. And the person choose to continue doing new stuff and new work they not need to be the smartest person on the world. They need to work and show they can be done, however they Walt to be not matter if they how be a strong personality and not matter is they't go the best school or the best college. Only matter how they be and the profession and the work. If the person or the society do something they can be the future. For example one day the person get up and choose to do something and make sure they days are very beautiful to do new projects they can became be make they live more easy to continue. Life and work are like a gardener more flows the person add more beautiful they came to be is like work more thing you learn more easy life come. One point they person can't be continued but all the things thy learn more easy came to be going up. That why more things do make goals they persons can find, not matter were the person came or were the born always doing something more intelligent the person can to be. However, a lot person are very smart, but they continue to learn always doing something because they want to a better or find new technology or make a different on this world. One of the big point of always do something is prepared for life. All the persons are not the same one they have more technology to they dream, but others person not and this is not one obstacle to make they dream. Because all the time are being doing something and not wait to came things came not they go find and work hard to make all be come to be positive they not have obstacles they have the strong to become a better person. And show everyone not matter how difficult are the problem they came be successful person. Like Thomas Jefferson always say doing something's much be done and is true because the person came to this life and learn everything, a lot person move to other place, need to learn need language, need traditions and need people are hard but with the time can be learning everything and continue the life again with need stuff this is what is important to always doing on and be done what they need to be done and make sure do the best and work hard and show a good and strong personality. And accomplish more if always they're something on specific point of life can to be so difficult but working hard and with discipline all can become more easy and undertake a new dream and new stuff of life can become the best tool to widely and known as the most expert guidance to life. Base of all the information always doing something more this can be done, and the persons can be accomplished and determine what strong the personality they are.