Technology is the line that get the world people's in the circle, and create a group that make communication over cyber way by saving their time also the best way of connection between people it make it really easy to people who are far away from each other by taking seconds to contact them. Using new technology is fun like video game's that is the famous creation of new technology. Technalogy doesn't create limition of connection between people, because it helps people to create new connection over best communicating sites, the fastest way of connection between humans that are far located from each other, also less cost of contact between people. Technalogy was the solution for the less connection between human that been misconstrued by minority of people those are who never used the way should be used. Secientestes people who find out after lots of research that technology is the best way to persuade people connect with each other. Technology created for one purpose to make easy life for humans, and create a great communication way through the world that connected with each other. Technalogy planned, designed to make the fastest way between human's by not taking longer time it makes so easy people doesn't need any more to go to our relatives place to tunicate with them know it totally changed by cellphone the new technology. One of the most amazing creation of technology is news that people around the world get know about every knew stuff. Technalogy beside saving time it also cost less to connect with each other it make it so easy to people who are willing to contact other's over fastest connection, and less cost. Using new technology is fun like video game's that is the famous creation of new technology. It designed for different ages by different version, and level. Also, now days technology is the biggest part of humans life our life almost run with technology in every part. But still some people thinks that it's not helpful to have the advance system of technology. Minority of people misconstrue about technology because they never used the advance technology, or they might be used it, but they never realize because at some points there are somehow people should be aware of how to should use it, and it all need knowledge that some people doesn't have that, so it's really hard for them to use it. Technalogy might be useful to communicate with people, but sometimes it's hard for those group of people that doesn't have the knowledge how to use it, get benefit from it. So everything comes back to the circle that people connected with it, but this circle also need to have knowledge of writing, reading, lessening that all include a great system of education. So education help to learn about know technology, and technology helps to make life easier also connected with other easily.  