I believe that people yes should make their own decisions and follow their instincts because that is what make us different from others. Follow your instincts and what you think that it is right can make a big change in what you are and what you want to be. First. People need to believe in themselves and do what they think that it is right. Sometimes we are afraid to make ours on decision because we think that is wrong or because what others can think about us. But just think about, all the things that people had been invented along the time. What would, will happened if they did not make their on decisions, nothing that what we have today will not exist. So do not be afraid to make your on decisions because others. Is not bad to look what others had been done and see if what you are about to do can be good or not. But always follow your ideas and do your on work. The instincts are a natural aptitude that human have, is something that make us do things without a well reason. The instincts make us do things that we think are right because a felling that we felt. No matter, sometime that felling can be right or not. But sometime bad decisions teach us what we do wrong and learned how do it better in a future. People should follow their instincts and ideas because that is what make us different. Learn of what we do wrong make us a better person. People are always going to judge you and talk about your decisions no matter if are good or bad. So do not let others stop you and doing the things that you believe are right. The decisions that we make today can harm us in the future. That may be is right, but if we are always thinking about what is going to happened. We are never going to know what is really going to happened. So make own ours decisions can make a big change IR our life for good or bad. It is important to listen to experts because can be helpful in what you are about to do. But always do it because you want to do it, not because others tell you. Always do may make you happy, no better if you are wrong or not because that is what is going to make the difference. In conclusion yes people should follow their instincts and ideas. But also make their own decisions. Never stop doing that things that they like. Always do and follows what they believe and think carefully and what they want and where they want to be. The goods and bad decisions and experiences and learn of they if what really teach you about life's important matter and make you succeed.  