Thomas Jefferson once said "Determined never to be idle... It is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing." Leaning never wanted to be idle, for he kept on playing Apex Legends to be good at it. He worked hard. He reached his goal of winning a match on Apex Legends. Leaning reached his goals because he was never idle, for he was always doing something in his life. Although some say that inactivity serves a purpose because we can wait for the right moment to start an errand or chore, actually being active serves a purpose because we can increase our knowledge in; work, home and gaming and if we are studying a subject such as; Medicine, 3D Animated Cartoons and CyberSecurity we can master it, and later on we can teach others. Some say that inactivity serves a purpose because we can wait for the right moment to start an errand or chore. Once a read an article on Newsela that was about how a man waited to start his goal, and he ended up getting his goal very quick. The man was called Generic_Name. Generic_Name wanted to save up to buy a house. He started ti save up for two months, later on he won the lottery, Generic_Name was very happy about it, then he deposited all his money into his savings account. Time pass by, and he realized he had enough money to buy his dreamed house. Generic_Name bought the house, and he lived happily ever after. If we are inactive we can wait for the right moment to start and errand or chore. My Aunt(Generic_Name) wanted to do and errand, but she decided to wait because she saw on CNN News that if we wait to do and errand or chore the succession rate increases by 25%. She did the errand, and it went more smoothly than ever, he waited to do it, and she succeeded on doing it. Being inactive for a while it's good because if we decide to rush things the odds might be against us. My friend Generic_Name always like to rush things. One day he couldn't wait to buy a game that he went in the middle of the night to buy it. When he got to the store, the store was already closed. He walked form the game store to his house. He was very sad that he could not buy the game, later on he saw a woman in white standing right in front of him. He is woman in white turn down, and he saw her. the ran like crazy. It's always better to wait to do something such as buying a game, don't rush things, or you will end up like Generic_Name. It's so good how many we can accomplish if we are always doing something, but if we are inactive we can always wait for the right moment to start doing something. "Determine never to be idle... It is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing"-Thomas Jefferson.