I think that school should not follow the business model. Adding two more hours to the schedule is not worth it for example some student need that time to other activities like go to the gym or play any sport and by adding two more hours that means that they are not going to be able to do all kinds of activities after they get out of school. There are some students whom work after they get out from school, they need that time to go work and make their money and having to stay on school two more hours means that are not going to have the same time as before to work also means that they are going to make less money. Staying on school two more hours will be a difficult task like myself I need to go home after I am done with school because I have to take care of my house like make my sister food and clean my house I have to do that every day after I get out from 0school that is why it will be difficult task to do for me to stay two more hours on school. I think that adding two more hours to the schedule and only having to go to school for four days only is not good idea sure we want to save energy as well, but school can not afford to follow the businesses model. For example student can not afford to stay on school for 10 straight hours they are going be exhausted and by being like that they might do their work wrong. Also, this student whom work after school if they stay two more hours I think that they are going to be exhausted for work I have some friends they start working at 5pm they get out of 3pm that means that they will have time to rest for two hours but if they have to stay on school for two more hours that means that they will get out of school at 5pm, so they are not going to have time rest a just have to go straight to work. Another disadvantage of getting two more hours of school is that for those students who works and get homework that means that they will not have time to do their homework for example myself I have to go home early to take care of my house I have to care of my house quickly, so I can start doing my homework so staying two more hours on school for me, it will be difficult to do all of that task after I get out from school. Of course there are some benefits from adding two more hours to the school schedule like saving resources and saving energy also this student who does not do anything after school can learn more because they can concentrate more they do no to worry about what they are going to do after school. There are some students who does not do anything after they get out from school so for them, it does not really matter whether they have to stay two more hours or they do not have to stay like my friend Generic_Name he is a student who does not do any actives or their go-to work after school so for him, it does not matter if you have to stay two more hours. Having two more hours means that this student who does not do anything after school can have more time con do their school work as well study more for their test. The benefit of adding two more hours only benefits those who does not do anything after school. In conclusion trying to follow the businesses model is not good idea for our school, so many students are going to argue for it, they are going be saying that just by trying to save a bit of energy and resources they have to change so many things and sacrifice their money and their time in fact is not a big different adding two more hours two the schedule every day because that means that we till have to use energy in those hours.