Thomas Jefferson wrote, "Determine never to be idle... It is wonderful how much can be done if we are always doing." Jefferson's quote is accurate because we can not accomplish something without doing something in life. Everyone has a goal in life; to meet those goals we have to prepare and take steps to complete them. Some people may say that inactivity can also serve a purpose because there are people, including: famous people, family members, or teachers who have once been passionate about something they have done in their lives who quit and became someone bigger, but they are wrong. There is a lot that can be done and steps to take if we are always doing something for ourselves or for others because instead of doing nothing we can focus on our education to help us in the future or to make this world a better and wonderful place for everyone. For starters, when students focus on their education all the time there is a lot that can be done. One reason why students can do so much with our education is because often education can prepare us for a big exam. For example, in class students are learning and reviewing different tropics repeatedly, which will help us pass any exams that will be given to us. This proves that when students are constantly learning something they can accomplish anything that they were leaning or reviewing throughout the year. This shows students how much they have done by focusing, instead of doing nothing. Another reason why students can do so much with their education is because it can help them graduate and accomplish bigger things in life. For example, most students that are always on task and doing everything that they should be doing have bigger plans in life than those who do not. This proves that students that accomplish more by being on task with their education will graduate with a future ahead of them. As a result, students that are focus and on task are more likely to feel incredible for everything they have accomplished in their education. Second, a lot of people around the world can do so much to help other communities by volunteering and to make this world a better place. A reason why it is wonderful how much can be done if we are always doing something is because we can help those around us. For instances, there is a lot of people around the world that need our help, such as homeless people or families who live poor. We as a community can feed those who are homeless or can help families who need help with jobs or to get health insurance. This shows, that if we gather together as a group we can see how much we have done to help these people in need. Another reason to see how much we can do together is by making great choices in life. For example, we can plant fruits and vegetables and give them out for free to help people around us to consider to make better food choices. As a result, there are many opportunities we can take to make this world become a better place for everyone. We can only accomplish a lot by doing everything in our power to make better this world a better place. In Jefferson's quote, he was saying that we can do so much by doing something, and it is true. If we put our mind into something and do everything we can to accomplish what we have in mind we can do anything, but if we just sit there doing nothing, we will not have the outcome we expected to want. Everyone lives in different ways, but it is important to see what each of us individuals can accomplish in life. The only way we can graduate is by focusing and staying on task. Some may see the world as being lazy, but we can change that by helping out and planning something together as a group to make a change in the world. It is important that we are making a change for ourselves and our communities. These are some reason why we should always do something to get the outcome that we want to see.