The success is achieved something, is like a goal that we want reach. Nobody is perfect in this life, at contrary all the people make mistakes. For example: When I try to cook something to eat, sometimes I forgot to add an ingredient. As a result of this mistake the food obtain a different flavor, but of this failure I can learn and upgrade my skills like a chef. Another example could be: when a student fail in a test, but has the chance to take a retake, is there when the student spend all their time studying to get a better grade. Daily the people commit diverse mistakes, but depend on us to determine if this mistakes will define us. Also, we can take with enthusiasm this kind of failures and learn from them. Don't give up, we have to be strong. That a mistake don't stop you from achieve your goals. A characteristic of the humans is that we try to overcome all the challenges that we have in our life. The failures teach us how to be the best person. The people just have to be more optimistic and see the failures from a good point of view. If you are negative with a failure or mistake, let me tell you that maybe you will lose the battle with yourself. If you are negative, is very probably that you will start to have bad thoughts about yourself. If you are negative, you never will be happy again, because you will stay thinking in the failure you had. I'm telling you all this, because I had this kind of problems previously. In conclusion, don't let to the failures defeat you. You have to be strong and learn of them, to be the best person in the future. Or you want to stay in the same place, with the same problems forever? No, right? You have to fifth to overcome all the challenges that will appear in your life, and remember never give up. Let me tell you something else, I don't know a lot of English, and I'm taking this test that have to be in English. I'm bringing all of me to get a good grade, what I mean with this. Well, even if I don't have a good grade, I learn many things that will help me in the future. I will not let the failure defeat me again, I will return more strong and with more knowledge.