One topic that people debate a lot is that students expected to identify a career by the time they enter high school. They course of study in high school are selected to guide them toward a specific career. I think is not a good idea for a student to commit to a career at a young age. Because students are not old enough they careless and not make the best decision when they at a young age. One Reason why this would not be a good idea is because, students are not old enough to know what they career in specific. They are not prepared for the world students in high school don't have any experience of any career. I think is a little to early. I will explore all type of career when my senior junior year starts I would make sure to select the right courses and the better one to be prepared or have experience for your career. One Reason why this would not be a good idea is because sometimes teenagers are careless something may go wrong with your life or you just want to do something new. All those classes that I selected from freshman year are not going to be worth it because you going to have to take new classes. For example my friend selected a technology class in freshman year, and he searches it up how much they make in a year and that was not what he expected. So he changes to materials and process to learn how to cut, and built houses. One Reason why this would not be a good idea is because, when you are in a young are you make the wrong decision well sometimes, but I think the best decision for me during high school is to wait and study the better classes and the best and better career. And to be able to do that you have to care about classes and be responsible with school and career. As you read you can see the reasons, I think the best idea for students is to focus on high school and get good grades when you get to senior year or college, you know more about life and careers I think that would be the best time to select the best classes that are going to guide you toward a specific career.