Technically, students spend seven hours in school and seventeen hours at home regardless of what time they sleep or what they do when they get home. Students should have more time to study at home, rest and prepare for the next day. More hours in school will wear out the student causing it to effect their grades. I disagree with the school board's plan to extend the school day because students have extracurricular activities to do when they are not at school, and it disturbs both the students and the teachers personal life. Not all activities' student perform happens in school. Adding an hour and a half to the school day can affect the student progress at home. For example, a student can be a player in a local soccer or basketball team, adding more hour will give the student less time to practice and get ready to the game or match and the student will also have little time to do his/her homework or complete an assignment or project given to them. The student having less time to practice is going to take a big tow on his/her team. Maybe the student is a very good player and his/her team needs him/her, he/she having small-time to practice will make the team lose the match. This decision will not only affect the student but the teachers too. Everyone wants to go home and relax from a long day work. The decision of adding ninety minutes to the school day is going to interrupt what the teacher and student do in their everyday life. Some teachers have families they have to take care of. They may have to pick their child or children from the babysitter, preschool or school if they don't use the bus. They also have doctor or dentist appointment they have to attend or have to take their children to. Teachers have chores or duties they must preform at home like shopping for groceries or picking little brother or sister from school. It could also be that they have another place to work at after school in order to earn more money. Both students and teacher have busy lives this decision is going to effect them. There are many reasons why adding one hour and a half is bad, but these are the ones I could come up with. I disagree with the school board's idea to extend the school day because students have extracurricular activities to do when they are not at school, and it disturbs both the students and the teachers personal life. I think if the school board is going to add more time to the school they should sigh the pay of the teacher because it takes time off their schedule.