Today I will be discussed if it is a good idea for students to commit to a career at a young age? Most may disagree with this statement, but I will hopefully grab your attention and hope you could agree with me. I think it is a good for students to decide on there career this early because number one in today's society everything is depended on technology. What are students into nowadays there phones, video game, iPads, computers, etc. So pretty high advanced technology is everywhere, My point that I'm trying to make here is that the majority of students get either there phones or computers at a young age. So in my opinion I think that there future is set way before high school. But again my point here is that yes I do agree that careers should be set when they enter high school. With entering high school students are introduced to a lot of programs at the start of their new journey to life. there's programs in high school that take students to colleges and take them on tours, or they either tell what to major on in that specific college, With planning early for your future you save time for stressing out last minute. I feel like this shouldn't just be small societies making students plan really early this should be the whole nation because as students we are the future of the United States so why not start 4 or 5 years ahead. Although some people may say that this is a huge distraction only because students would want to just focus on the future instead of focusing on what's happening right now. So the main argument is that I 100% agree with students choosing there careers at a young age. My main reason is that early the better with chances of programs and guidelines to help you on your way to a better education there's no way that you can stress for a career. In addition to my statement I also think that schools should have a bunch of programs helping students out with there future that way they won't stress there last year of high school, and they won't have to apply to colleges not knowing what to do.  