Some schools used cell phone during classroom because for educational purposes. If students doesn't use cell phone during class, how can students find information about the assignment. Some school doesn't allow students to used cell phone because the teachers says that students can find the information in books. Student says that by using cell phone is much easier to find information than in books. Some teachers allow students to use cell phone during class so that students can find information easier. If students used books, some students can't even find the information that the students needed. For example, students that used cell phone is more likely to finish earlier than students that using books. In additions, Cell phone have more information than book. So, teachers should allow students to used cell phone during class for educational purposes. Schools should allow the students to used cell phone in the class, so that students can work much faster and easier. If schools doesn't allow the students used phone in the class, some students going to have a hard time to work and students is going to take too much time on the assignment. Lots of students prefer cell phone because it is much easier to find information. If students used books, students will take time to go back and forth and find the information that the students needed. Schools should allow the students to used cell phone in the class. Technology is getting efficient and faster, so schools should let students used the technology so that students can get more information and can search any assignment that students need. Technology is adding new stuff every day, so that the students can learn something new every day. If students used the technology, students can get smarter and technology will improve every day. If students used books, students will never learn new things and students will have the same information. Schools should let the students use the technology so that the students will have more knowledge. In conclusion, Teachers should not keep giving students books to study because students will never learn new thing in life. In addition, school should let students used technology in the classroom so that students will understand technology and new information. Schools should improve the technology for the students, so that students can work faster. Technology will improve and students will get smarter, so that schools will provide technology for students.