No not good for older and younger students to be in a program. But sometimes older kids become mean and don't care about the younger just care themselves to have fun. It's not normal for that to happen, and it will feel weird harder stuff for the younger ones don't know, and the older kids think it's too easy. There's so much reasons that it shouldn't happen doesn't feel right. If it was like in the summer for an activity that would be great because you learn about how the older and younger kids are. The younger kids will want to do childless stuff and the older ones want to just be on their phones and just talk. Sometimes the older ones need to teach the younger ones to be more grown up, so they learn about the older ones. The teachers mostly will try to tell the older ones to help the younger ones to be grown up. So usually they shouldn't create schools like that it will feel completely different because there will be different stuff then real schools with older and older kids and younger and younger kids. The younger ones could sometimes scream and run or goof around a lot and the older ones will sometimes feel annoyed by them. So lot's times I feel like the older ones will feel uncomfortable from the little ones. When you grow older you learn what you do now and not like when you were younger. Most the time you usually want to be friends with people your age not too much of a different age. Sometimes it can happen to be friends with someone older or younger but most times your age. Always try to be yourself and not change your altitude. Sometimes the older kids will need to try to make the little kids happy by talking with them and have fun with them. But not for to long you should because it will get boring doing it for a long time. When u fins his they will sometimes try bothering you because they liked what you did but just leave them alone after. These are examples why sometimes you should or shouldn't allow those schools with older and younger students. After when you grow older you the one teaching the new kids to be grown up. Try remember the times you were little and what the older kids did to you do that with others. But there could be lots of times younger ones a different, and you were that way 8 years ago. Help everyone is a grown up kid and still think not too much they should add schools with older and younger kids.