Is a positive attitude key to success? Well, In my opinion I strongly agree, I believe a positive attitude will take you far in life and will let you accomplish many goals you've set for yourself. For instance having a positive attitude doesn't just affect you, but it also affects others in a negative or positive way, for example motivation; you could motivate someone and inspire them just by doing you and accomplishing your goals, or you could even brighten somebodies day up by doing small gestures. In the other hand there will be people that don't want to see you do good, people that want to bring you down and people that have envy over you. That shouldn't bring you down that should be more motivation to do better because those are people who are jealous, people that are jealous of something you have and that they don't have. There are people who have started from the bottom with very little and are now doing big things, by having a positive mind set and believing in themselves. A positive attitude is the key to success all you need is to believe in yourself, have patience, and ignore all the ignorant people. In my experience a positive attitude is a key to success, why? Well, when I was younger I had a difficult time with the English language because I only spoke Spanish at the time, which then resulted that I had to repeat a grade. Being left behind made me feel dumb and stupid, I also felt embarrassed; embarrassed of saying my age to the other kids when they would ask how old I was, I thought they would make fun of me and call me names. Throughout the years I got more mature and I didn't really care no more about my age, I then found out that there were other kids that were in the same situation as me, which made me feel better about myself after. When I got to high school I met my case manager, he was and still is a really nice guy and really cares about the students. When I met him he asked me many questions one of them was how old I was when I told him he was surprised because I was older than the other students. He then asked why I was 16 years old with freshmen classes, I told him why, and he understood. A few days pasted by, and he asked me how I felt being behind the sophomore class, I told him I didn't like it and how I felt a little dumb. He then told me how I would feel about graduating with that class, I then knew what he was about to tell me and I liked the idea of it. He told me I could do three years, but I would have to do two years in one, I didn't care if it would be more work all I was thinking of was graduating on time. So, of course I accepted, and now I am here taking my writing SOL with my positive attitude! If I didn't have a positive attitude I wouldn't be here right now, and for sure I wouldn't be graduating in May 2020. I'm very happy and thankful that I have this opportunity, and I know I will make it through this school year if I believe in my self. The other night I was going through my Facebook feed and I stumbled upon a link that one of my friends re-post, on that link there was an article of a woman that is from El Salvador, and that women use to live near to where we used to live. On that article it said "First women Pilot from El Salvador" when I first read it I could not believe what I was reading, I was very happy for her and I know she worked so hard to get to where she's at. It is incredible knowing a woman from a country that does not have much to give is now flying in the air going around the world. Reading that article motivated me to set goals for my self and to keep on going, if she can accomplish her dream I can to. I admire my mother, she's gone through so much and has risked her life to have a better one, not just for her but also for her family that she had to leave behind. Before she came to the United States her mother didn't want her to come she thought it was too much of a risk. My mom knew what she was getting her self into she believed everything would come out fine, the day my aunt was about to leave to Mexico my mother begged her to take her. My aunt would deny and deny her until she finally said yes. My mom packed up her stuff and left with my aunt behind her mothers back, but before she left a note for her mother saying if she doesn't leave now they'll never have a better future. My mother has walked thousands of miles and has nearly starved to death to get to where she is now. She worked her head off trying to make enough money to support her family, she had three jobs and as soon as she clocked out of one she would walk miles to get to the other one. Years later my grandma got her Visa and was able to come visit, she regretted doubting her and apologized for not believing in her. If my mom didn't have a positive mind set and if she listened to my grandma she would still be in El Salvador; washing her clothes in the river, eating beans and eggs every day, and earning six dollars a day. She has a better life now then she had before, but she still has more to accomplish, and I am here to help her. With her positively she can go far.Therefore, a positive attitude is the key to success, negativity won't take you anywhere all it does is let you watch others have fun while they enjoy life. Positivity allows you to set goals and to accomplish them. Many people have met their goal by believing in themselves, no matter how difficult it is they keep on pushing. I believe attitude does have an impact on life choices, if you put no effort on a task your set to do, that task will never be done, or it'll turn out horribly. A positive attitude is the key to success all you need is to believe in yourself, have patience, and ignore all the ignorant people. 