" Has the limitation of human contact due to the use of technology had a positive or negative affects on people's lives?". As we know, technology has become one of the most important things in our lives, and people now are abusing the use of technology and forgetting to contact with the surrounding others. Although it has both positive and negative affects on people, but we cannot declaim that our lives have been easier and better since we have had technology. First, technology are used everyday by people at all ages because of its functions. We can complete many things online by using technology such as study, entertain, shopping, etc. For example, students use technology to serve for their learning like studying online or researching important things for their lessons. Lots of people also use it to play game, chat with their friends, or shopping online to relax after a hard-working day. With technology, we can find and do almost things we need so we can save our times and will have more times to do the other activities like spending time with family, or hanging out with friends. Second, technology helps us adopt hot problems, new information of society faster and easier. We can read news on the websites, or watch the agenda to update more things everyday, so we can have better knowledge about things around us. Besides, many poor people have been helped by the others because the news about them have been shared wide-spread. This showed the major of technology and the care of people give to the others. Many people said the use of technology has the limitation of human contact, and it's not all right. We can easily contact to the others by texting, calling as technology is developing. Using technology in general and social media in particular also can help us make friends. People often use Facebook, Instagram, or Snapchat to add friends over the world and follow them. It is the best way to know our friends, family members' activities without asking because we don't have too much time to speak with them every day. Otherwise, we still have to speak face to the others as much as possible, so we can understand them better, and it also shows our care to them. Not only technology, everything in the world also has both positive and negative sides, and the main idea is ourselves. If we use technology for the right purposes, and can limit the time of using it, technology will be very useful to our lives. In short, technology can limit human contact or not based on us so let's try using it as limited as we can and don't forget to use it right ways, right times, and right purposes.