I was thinking to work at the police station because I can work on cases that could allow me to travel around the world and some cases that can be cool and super fun. It would be fun to work at the police station because you can travel to different countries and cities you have never been to. Therefore, you can explore from above when riding an airplane, and you can meet different people. Also experience of what type of cultures people do in their country. Working at the police station would be cool and super fun because I can work on fun cases, involving to ride different vehicles or going undercover and going places. Just imagine your manager assigned you to go to Korea and you stayed there for a few years. You have made new friends and learned the Korean language. You had to take TAE Kwan Do and you made it to black belt. However, you still work with the U.S. police. And you also observe of what they do in Korea, for example, how they harvest rice and at what type of climate they need to be in or how the people eat their food and how younger children greet the older men and women. Also experience what people do in their specific culture and what laws they follow and things they need to respect. And also how they sell to get money. Also working with police means you are not alone, you have teammates with you. They can also help you on cases that can be dangerous. Your teammates can be helpful and fun because they can help make wise decisions and on something risky, like you have their back, and they have yours. They can also be help and caring/fun when you are stressed out, and they try to make you feel better or trying to comfort you and not making you feel lonely. For example, On one Sunday morning you felt sick and a strange feeling you had something missing. You ate breakfast, and you remembered you needed to finish on one of your assignments your manager had given you. You felt even more sick. All day you tried to erase the fact that you didn't complete you assignment, you tried to throw that thought away, but you couldn't. You wanted to not even think about and wishing the thought could just disappear. You felt like brain was rotting for thinking too, much. Furthermore, you called you best friend (that also worked at the police station:) because you wanted some company. When she entered your apartment, she saw that you weren't in the living room. She went to your bedroom noticed that you had been eating junk food all day because you had lots of your favorite corn chips and an empty box of pizza beside you. Just then she started to stare at you, and you were reaching for a bucket of your favorite ice cream, strawberry. She looked at you and saw that you scooped a spoonful of ice cream, and you shoved it into your mouth, with your TV on. (You were watching the Titanic with the lights off because you felt sad and had nothing to do) She went up to you and hugged you and asked what has happened to you and why you were feeling down. You told her why you were so miserable and guilty of not finishing your assignment. She stoops up and told you that she was going to help you. You also stoop up lazily, but you felt excitement. You went to go change and finished the assignment on time. This is why it's a good thing to be friends at work for you can't be so lonely.