TechnologyTechnology could bring both positive and negative effects to people's lives, I think there more positive effect to technology, then negative. Technology is very effective, in many positive ways. People use technology to do many things, without even going out their homes. Technology can even bring emergency help, way faster. Technology is big effect to people's daily lives by helping them get locations faster, and keeps us informed on what's going on in the world, and also helps people get educated straight from home. Technology is not negative, its made this country, the strong country it is today because of technology. People will say technology is bad, because of horrible stories they have heard. From people going crazy over technology, and on how little kids now can't even be happy if they don't have a phone in front of their face. Also because they think its bad that young kids don't even want to go outside anymore, because there to busy staring at a TV all day. So most people think that technology is a negative effect on lives, because of those reasons. That's not the case, if you really think about it, technology is in our hands, if we use it in a bad way that's a choice on us. Technology isn't the one to blame for all the bad stories over it. Technology is the key factor on why were still here today breathing and staying healthy. Technology is a positive effect on our lives, it keeps us informed on what is happening in the world. Also on what happened in the world millions of years ago. So many good ways' technology has helped this world, and now we know more about earth than we ever did because of technology, but not just that. It has also'ed saves lives with its help. My mom almost died in a car crash in the highway 10 years ago, but only because someone stopped by, to help her, and called 911 with their phone the ambulance came just in time to save my moms' life, Because of that one phone call, technology has had a huge positive effect on my life, and others. It will always have a big positive effect on peoples lives, and will always have many ways to help us. It keeps us entertained, educated, healthy, and safe. What else could we ask for, technology is always going to be more positively effective then negatively, because of the stuff it does for peoples daily lives. Technology is good and a positive resource to always have with you. No matter what, if you're in a horrible situation it will be there to help you, and if you're in a beautiful situation, it will be there to help you take a nice video or picture of the moment to remember because of technology.