To accomplish something there is always going to be some inactivity once in a while. Well everyone has their own different type of way to accomplish something, but there is always some kind of inactivity at times; but not always. I think that we really do accomplish more when there is something else happening. Everyone in this world is different compared to the next person. Everyone has their own unique style of completing an assignment. Some examples are Listening to music, working outside, working with someone else, and basically anywhere else. These small things can help somebody to Stay in task to complete something. Myself personally I love to be listening to music to get my assignments done. I am able to accomplish more than what I usually do. Before I never got my school work completed because I was really bored with doing it, but when I first played music. I was flowing threw to get my work done. Sometimes when trying to accomplish anything in life. Some people may experience some inactivity. Two things that happen the most to people are Zoning out or a phone notification. These two things are what happens to people the most, But they can always prevent it from happening. Me for myself I love using my phone. I never get bored with it. Sometimes while I'm working to get my assignments done and complete. There will always be a notification that will make my phone go "Buzz" and then ill have the courage to see what it is. Now I have overcome that. What I do now is I put my phone on silent away from me while it's connected to my Bluetooth speaker playing music. This always helps me from zoning out. Music playing in the background prevents me from zoning out. Some people can complete everything without a doubt, But not everyone could stay on task to complete something to accomplish it. We all had accomplished something in this world; but some people haven't accomplish anything at all. Their minds are not set for reality I must say. Their minds are inactive and not set for anything. People can change. Anything can happen. Nothing in this world is really impossible, well if you set your mind to it. People don't believe in themselves to Accomplish anything. The inactivity that they got can change. Before I used to never get anything completed/Accomplish. I was thought I wasn't enough to do anything. I always made bad choices. My mind wasn't set for anything. I didn't care. I thought my life was a joke, and soon it will be over as soon as I know it. School was hard. I didn't really get anything done. I was never the perfect student. My grades were bad. I had no faith in myself. I thought I could not do anything right. Furthermore, I never accomplished anything. The only thing I could accomplish is messing up everything. School, at home, In a public area, Anywhere. I made bad choices back in my pass; But now its completed different. I have learned and seen everything that I did. My mind wasn't set on success only failure. Only I realized that I could change not just who I am but everything. If I set my mind into it. I started to accomplish assignments at school. I was doing very well then I thought I could do. Furthermore, I started to see a huge change in myself. It felt like I was a whole new person. I had accomplished to change my life. I saw the success. It wasn't hard. I just had to believe in myself to do it. If I could change then I know people in this world can change also. Although accomplishing something no matter if its simple, Difficult, short, or long. It's still better off to accomplish it even tho there is always going to be a bit of inactivity, and it's okay there are always a way to overcome it. Everyone can always change. With the power of your mind and yourself you can always accomplish more if you are always doing something else with maybe a little of inactivity.