Cellphones should be allowed because that might help students to communicate with their parents if they have any kind of emergency while they are in school. It would be helpful for students to find any kind of information on internet when they forget their computers or other devices that they might use as a resource to find information. Another reason is that students will have the advantage to use their cellphones while they are in the middle of the class, and it means that those schools trust students that they use their cellphones properly during class, and they are proving to others schools that student can be trusted to use their cellphones during classes. Students also can give an example to other students that cellphones are little machines that help us in everyday lives, and they also might be giving advice to students in how they can be benefited from chance that the school provides to them. On the other side why cellphones should not be allowed in schools is because schools think that students will not use their cellphones in a right path, and they will become more addictive to their cellphones where social media it's included. Most of the population have shown that a big percent of the population use their cellphones to spend their time in social media, whether is Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram. Another percent of the population spend their time on YouTube which that YouTube brings us some advantage and disadvantage. The advantage might be the tutorials that can help us find information, how to fix something that you are capable to repair, and how to provide some skills from something that you like. The disadvantage might be that people might spend too much time watching video games or a new episode from their favorite comics characters. Another reason to not use cellphones in school is because when there is a fight between two students, they start to take pictures or videos of the fight rather than prevent and called anyone who can help. Most of the student will agree to have cellphones in schools because some of them use their cellphones in a right path and some of them do not. For those who use their cellphones in a proper way will say that cellphones are going to help them more than what teachers expect. Some of these students also will help them find whatever meaning of a word that they do not understand. There are going to be some students who speak different language as their first language, and it is very helpful to have cellphone while they are in school. For example some of the students who speak Spanish, and they do not understand what the word say, they directly go to their cellphones and translate the word. Then they start to use it in some sentences to challenge themselves and improve their English. Those students who agree to have cellphones in school and do not accomplish the rules in how to use their cellphones properly, they will be playing around while they are in class, listen to music, and probably they will be texting with their friends. For some students will be annoying to have cellphones in class because it is going to be a distraction even if they are not using their cellphones. From other perspective teachers might believe that is wrong to have cellphones in class, whether they are using it properly or not because they might believe that it's a distraction for every student, and even if they are good students they will use their cellphones while teachers are explaining some important information. They also believe that some of them will use their cellphones to finish homework that is not for their class and will cause that students will not be paying attention in what the teacher is saying. Teachers also say that students will be texting in class and some of them playing video games and then when they tell them to put their cellphones away, they do not obey and some of them insult the teacher. Some teachers do not bother them if a student have a cellphone or not because they think that as long the student is doing his homework and classwork, they are going to be fine. I believe cellphones should be allowed in schools, but under supervision of the teachers and principles. One of the reason why I believe that should be allowed is because cellphones are very useful and helpful for me in many ways. In my situation I speak Spanish as my first language and when I do not understand a word I go to my cellphone and I translate the word, and then I try to understand what the word means. I also use my cellphone when I do not have my computer with me, and I do my classwork with my cellphone, and then I turn my work in. But some students do not understand when they have to use their cellphones and when I see students listening to music it does distract me because I am trying to concentrate in what the teachers are explaining because If I do not pay attention it is hard to understand later on. I also see how teachers get mad when a student do not obey when they have to put their cellphones away, and then the student start to argue with the teacher. I strongly agree that school should allow students to have cellphones because it does provide a lot of advantages. 