The prompt talk about who people have own instincts and ideas or to make their own decisions. People make decisions in their own life. Nobody has to tell them what to do in their life. He or her can follow their own instincts or idea. Everyone should make own choice or own decisions in their life. Their life is so important to them that they could make own decisions without people tell what to do or ruin their life. People should be wrong about their life not other people life. If they want to help they should talk with the people if you want help or not. I know everyone wants to help out but sometimes they don't want help for other people, friends or their family. They could solve their problem at their own. For example, we don't need people to tell other people how to live their life. They can make their decisions. They a lot of people that make bad decision or good decisions in their life. It is good that they did bad choice because they real what they did, and they won't do it again in their life. People can live their life, but they have to make good choice their life not bad choice. They should have good friends that make good decision in their that always help them in their life. If you have a friend that make bad decision sometime at friends won't help you out. Then you are on your own with your problem. Sometime good to hang out with friends, but you have to make good choice if you're going to hang out with your friend's. I know people can make own decision and can help other people to not make bad choice in life. Is good you got friends and family that have your back when you want to make own decisions in your own life. Sometime family don't agree with your choice or decision you want to make. Your life is important you should make good choice in your life to happy or live your life with your family's and friends. You don't have to wrong about other people opinion. Sometime good to listing to other people opinion if it will help you understand your problem or to make good decision or not. Some people don't want help for other people. They don't want other people to be wrong about their life or be noise. The only who makes decision are the adults or the teenager but not the kid's. It's great that teenager is make decision in their life. Teenager sometime make bad choice when they are with their friends hang out. They learn the lesson to don't make bad choice in their life or to not hang out with their friends. 