On September 2, 2015, Generic_Name was entering his first year of high school, and already knew what he wanted to do with his life, and that was to be a doctor, but was having trouble on what kind of doctor he wanted to be. So he decided to do some research on what kind of doctor he wanted to be before entering high school. Finally, Generic_Name decided he wanted to be, a surgeon. Took all the classes he needed to be one. Few years later, became a surgeon, making lots of money, living in a nice house, and is living the best life he could dream of. In some societies, students are expected to identify a career by the time they enter high school. Personally I think they should identify a career by the time they enter high school. So they can have the opportunities on what they need to do to get the job and not to be stressed out too much. Those are the reasons why they should commit to a career by the time they get to high school. The first reason why they should identify a career by the time they enter high school is to have opportunities on what you need to get the job. In order to get the job, you need to go check out some places on what they do, so then you would know what to do. The other opportunity you have is you would know what classes you would need to take. For example, if you want to be a history teacher you basically just have to take most of the history classes, or if you want to be doctor you would basically take all scene classes. The other opportunity is that if you want to make a lot of money have a plan set up. That's the reason why you should identify a career by the time you enter high school to have opportunities on what you need to get the job. The second reason why they should identify a career by the time they enter high school is, so they don't get stressed out too much. If you know what you want to do then you're fine because the more you know, the less stress you'll be in. If you know what you want to do then you'll be able to know what classes you will need to take, so then you won't have to take extra classes for no reason. Also, if you need help don't hesitate to ask because everyone is here to help. The more you ask for help the less you'll be stressed. That's the reason why they should identify a career by the time they enter high school, so they don't get stressed out too much. Some people would disagree with me because they think it's ok to wait to identify a career before they enter high school. They say that because they think high school is a place where you just hang out with friends, and not care about their grades when they should. Also, they think their interest in what they want to do will pop up eventually probably like in their senior year. No, that would be hard to figure out what college you would need to go to, don't even have a plan, and would just be stressed out. In conclusion, in society they think that they should have an idea on a career by the time they enter high school. I strongly agree with that and there are many reasons why. So they can have opportunities on what you need to get the job, and that is know what classes you would need to take. Also, so they don't get too stressed out for it. If you know what you want to do then you're fine because the more you know, the less stress you'll be in. Those are the reasons why I agree with this statement.  