I think that schools must have an after school homework club because students who are having difficulty in school can get extra help from teachers, students could improve their grades, and teachers and students can work together to fulfill the students needs. The first reason I think that schools must have an after school homework club is because students who are having difficulty in class can get extra help form their teachers and students. One time had trouble understanding how to answer the questions my teacher gave to me about the civil war 2 years ago, and my teacher said that I could stay after school in the homework club and to meet her their. That was the reason how I understood how to answer the questions on the quiz. That is one reason why I think schools must have an after school homework club. The second reason why I think that schools must have an after school homework club is so students could improve their grades in their classes. One time I had a D in my science class because I needed more help with remembering the parts of a cell. My science teacher then told me that I could stay after school and go to the homework club with her to practice on the parts of a cell. One week later my grade went up to a B because my teacher helped me pass my test. This is the second reason why I think schools must have an after school homework club. The third reason why I think that schools should have an after school homework club is so teachers and students can work together to fulfill the students needs. One time I stayed after school for the homework club and a teacher was having a heard time explaining a question to a student who spoke Spanish. The teacher asked me if I could translate what she is saying to the student. The teacher and I both helped the student understand the question. This is the third reason why I think schools must have an after school homework club. In conclusion, these are the three reasons why I think that schools must have an after school homework club.