Teenage is a part of life where everyone wants to be cool. Most teenagers are not mature at this specific point of age. They think if they will not follow rules they will look cool. Some people think curfew should be adopted for teenagers and others think it should not be adopted for teenagers. Curfew keeps teenager out of trouble after midnight on weekends and after 10 pm on weekdays. It will keep them safe, healthy, and smart. The curfew will keep teenagers safe. Most of the teenagers like to party at midnight. Some of them like to have alcohol at party. It is illegal to have alcohol under age of 21. There are many issues that will concern their safety. Someone can bully them and also most crimes happens at nighttime. One day I asked my mom to go at party with my friends at night. She did not allow me to go at party, at that time I was badly mad at her. In the morning, I heard that my some of the friends got caught by police because they were having alcohol. At this point of time I thought my mom was mean but after hearing a story, I thank to my mom for not allowing me to go at party. I was safe at home while others girls were in trouble. The lesson that I got from this story is that never break rules, and it is better to stay home at night because of safety issues. Curfew will keep teenagers healthy. A normal person should have sleep of maximum eight hours. When teenagers go out at weekdays it really effects their health because they have to go to school in the morning. If you are not healthy it will affect your studies. A person health should be a first priority. Most teenagers are not mature enough curfew will keep them healthy. There was a day when I was out with my friends on shopping. We went to mall together. I went back at home at 12:30 pm, then in morning I went to school. I did the same routine for a week. After that I started getting sick. It effected my brain. I went to doctor they said it happened because of lack of sleep. After that I try to sleep at 9:30 every day, now I am feeling much healthier and stronger. The more you will get good sleep the better your health will be. Curfew will keep teenagers smart. Most of the teenagers like to study at night unless they get distracted by extra stuff. Teenagers go school in the morning some of them do extracurricular activities. They are busy in the day, so they like to have fun at night. They don't do their homework because they go out at night. It effects their studies awful. If teenagers stay at home at nights they can complete their homework and get a good night sleep. In tenth grade, I used to play basket ball every day after school. I never had time to spend quality time with my friends. I started going out at night and also, skipping my homework. After a week, I checked my grades I had "D" in my three classes. My mom also got a call from school that I am not doing good in my classes. My mom got really upset on me. She stopped me going out at night. I started working on my homework. Now I have very good grades in class. The curfew will help a lot of teenagers with their studies. It will keep them smart and intelligent. There should be a curfew for teenagers after 10 pm on weekdays and midnight curfew on weekends. Curfew will stop them because if they go out at night they will be breaking the rules. If teenagers follow the rule they will be protected, strong and intelligent. So, safety is the first priority. Everyone should follow rules because it will be best for them.  