The city council adoption the curfew for teenagers. There need have curfew for teenagers why because need be outside midnight, weekend need to be at home going to sleep. A study say that teenagers how have curfew work hard at school, but how didn't have a curfew break the law more have trouble do great at school. Why a teenager need to be street midnight do something wrong, or you came back from a party, or you do gang thing. What are you going midnight, how do that outside I know not me everybody this tired won't be outside. It the curfew is adoption teenagers in the street can be no more. There new law at Generic_City council say that curfew for teenagers for 10pm. It main the teenage walk the on street after 10 pm you breaker the however a police see he can take to jail. The city make the law for safe of teenage didn't see how unsafe it to be out midnight. We brought you was inside at home on the street we think in home you not. The community say why can you make law for teenagers curfew make one. Evergyone say why do you make that law not great for are teenagers interfere in there live. Do curfew keep teenagers out of trouble ? The curfew keep teenagers out of trouble this not one man job everyone need to work like a team for teenager can say out of trouble .the first thing what time are teenagers going outside, where are you going. Talk to are police man lit know see a teenager, walk midnight ask me where your home they're listing take him to jail. Are one thing are child safe tin we can have been teenage midnight do wrong thing. For police man it hard pickup the phone to a mother say that her son, or her daughter are dad. This why have a curfew it very need to have so know one have gone to hard time last son, daughter, we interfere in teenagers live because they did't know what bad or good see what on the other side can bad or good. The teenagers do think they think after see they large problem they need to help this why were said safe go first. A city council is adoption curfew. What time curfew start 10pm. Do curfew keep teenagers out of trouble. The teenager need a cabooses !