Thomas Jefferson wrote, "Determine never to be idle it is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing"? I believe, when most of the people don't understand how relevant is to do something instead of being inactivity that also serve purpose because like everybody else it is normal to always do or make good things for someone, and it could be family or close friends for example. My reason is if we try to done good stuff for people, and not receiving anything back for example: If I give people chance to not try anything, then how are we going to communicate? How are we going to accomplish our goal when you don't deserve it? So my point and my reason is the need to do something about not being inactivity with people are around you. I understand that not everyone is going to have the same thoughts as me or with other person. However, we need to be on the side to the change for good. I grew up knowing when people put a lot of their afford to you, it means a lot because you'll never know when people will trust you and believe in you again it's a huge difference between those, and we people show us or make us see how important is when almost everything is easy when we ask for it example: Trying too hard to show how many things you have done for that person without asking, but it means a lot to you because you give a lot to that person, and you hope that person can give you the same thing you've done for her or him. Sometimes some people misunderstood about always doing something for her or him like you don't have to do it for them, but believe you'll feel great if someone does something for you isn't a bad thing then you will be fine and grateful knowing that there's good people around you, and ready for help you. You ain't alone any more believe there's people for you and try to not think too much about it. My conclusion is about to always do something for people because there is people who will need you, and being around, and everything you want to do for them, it will make it better like. Thomas Jefferson wanted to do good stuff as a president caring about his people, and making him one of the best presidents, so it is wonderful to do much for them than yourself. 