Do we choose our own behavior or is it controlled by other influences? Well it all has to depend on the type of person you are. For example if you are somebody who gets influenced by other people then you are going to act like those people. And usually those people are bad influences, but if you are somebody that chooses to be who they are then that is really who they are. And mostly it is to be nice to others, and those are some reasons why it can go either way, but for me, I personally think you have a choice to be who you desire to be without any influences. When you get to be who you want to be life is easier. You are going to be true to yourself and people will have respect for you. And many people all over the world are scared to be themself, and would rather get controlled by other people. And because of those type of people they spread that negative influence off to other people that get controlled easily. But in the end it depends on whom you hang around with. Choosing the way you act is very important not just for you but for your future. Because your future is what matters at the end of the day. And because of that reason is because if you want to find a good job you have to be respectful and kind. But if you didn't have a good attitude then nobody won't hire you. It's reasonable too, because nobody wants a bad attitude person in their jobs. Many people who have chosen their characters have been successful because of it. And because they have conference they can achieve anything they want in the world. And all that just because they went on to be themself. Meanwhile, those who have been influenced by others have been stuck like that their whole lives. Depending on what type of influences they get, because some are good, and they get to high places in life. So at the end of the day as long as you choose something that is good for you and won't take you to bad places you will be great in life. But unfortunately it usually ends in bad places for those who are weak and would rather take influences by others who are in bad situations. And that's why for me, it is better to choose to be yourself then to follow others. But if you are somebody that likes the influences then choose people who are good. That is how I see it in my eyes.  