I agree with first impressions are almost impossible to change, because this is one of the things that only happen done time, well it can happened again, but not at the same way as the first one. So you can not change it because that is what you felt at the moment when you experienced this feeling in your life, and you will not want to change it because you liked what you felt, and you might probably want to repeat it again. Then it is like when you see someone on the street or in the city that is wearing completely different clothe or estrange clothes than you or than everybody around you, and he or she immediately is catching everybody's attention, because probably they never have seen someone like them before, or they not normally used to see people wearing like that. Sometimes people might probably start talking about them like given own opinions, or some people just judge them because of their dressing, others just are curious because they might probably want to know something about this people because they or their culture seem interested to them and the want to experience sort of activities with this people or have fun with them. Constantly people experience this kind of impressions, because they normally are around so many people like their family, their friends, or even with people they not even not at all. So that make them to experience this type of circumstances and because of that, is that they are exposed to experience these feelings at any time or anywhere. It does not matter because you're going to see so many things and those things are going make you feel this way. Inmediatly it does not matter where you go or where you are with, you are going to experience this, even with yourself because this always happened, and you will want to go and to be talking of that with your friends, or you might be probably got a clue and put it like an example and your life. Sometimes first impressions help you to be even better in life, because you will be thinking about it and you might start making something different on you because you saw something special on someone which you got first impression. In conclusion first impressions normally will be impossible to change, because it is unique, and you can not change that. You might, can change the way you think of it and probably if you experience it again it will not be the same because you will know what it is already, and it will be like it is not making sense, and you will wonder the reason why is this happening. Sometimes first impressions will help you to understand people or their kind of life they have, it does not matter the race because people have something different something that we might need.