Although it may see that "unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow" it actually right. But having something that you master it doesn't mean that trying something new you would fail. But giving up it's what would cost you to never grow, for example changing your lifestyle by eating right and going to the gym is not going to be easy but you're still going to give it a try. The reason why is that we want to challenge our self in a new environment that we never thought our self would be challenge our self in. Another reason would be that trying something new mean that we are looking for something that we would enjoy or like. For example, we teach our self how to cook, but we know that we never knew how to cook, but that doesn't mean we are not going to give it a try. That why we try new things because we want to challenge our self in a situation that we never knew that we could solve it or give up. Another reason is that we love trying new things because we are curious if we can master it another example would be is raising a kid wondering if we got everything and teaching them what is right and what is wrong. That what we love trying new things to see if we can do it or not. That what is more important trying new things and see if we can master it because we are capable of doing thing not a computer can't do and that it's trying to learn new things. We can master anything in our way because we are willing to find out if we can do this, if you can not fear it, if we got this, give our self ideas that anything we do it possible when we put our mind it nothing can't stop us. For example, we got our freedom from England long time ago, we ended slaves, and we ended racism which was big in the United States. Those are the reason why we can master things even if they are hard to master, but we do it for a reason, and the reason is that we love to try new things even is bad but every challenge we are giving, we master them. But there is no dough we would fail those challenge that the world has giving us. Mastering is a challenge that is difficult because there is in our lifetime were we give up, and we don't want it anymore. Were our mind and our body just doesn't want it, doesn't keep trying, at some point we start calling our selves looser, quitter. We bring ourselves down because that how we punish ourselves without physical pain but emotion pain. In our lifetime that we have live in this earth the most pain that brought us down was emotional pain when we give up in life, and we haven't master it. That is the big challenge that we haven't tried to complete because it has beating us since the beginning that we are born we haven't controlled our emotion and that is the challenge that we haven't master it. For that we have issues that we aren't able to figure it out because it's hard for us to figure what make us mad, sad, happy, but people who have mastered it because they did give it a try, and they successfully master that does emotions that give us hard time in life. Those people are therapy who want to understand does type emotion because they want to help those people who don't understand why they react like that. That what make us to try new things in life because we are curious about what interest us as human being and see if you can master it so "unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered keep trying new thing that you would be able to do and get your attention to it ".