Today world, everything start to moving forward. People start to invent the new ideas and those ideas make life more easily. In medical world, people make a new kind of medicine to cure the disease, compare to the old world a lot of people had die. In technology world, people put those ideas into the physical objects that it is so important for today life. From all we see everything is start from the ideas, and who invent the idea? This is the kind of the question that no one ever ask. It is us the people that invent the idea. People can make a change to the world if they start to think, or we can call the attitude. The attitude of the people have a big impact to the surrounding. But not all the attitude have a good impact to the world it also has a bad impact. This is led to one of the controversial question from the science; that said do you agree or disagree that a positive attitude is the key to success in life. From my perception I agree that the positive attitude is the key to success in life because it makes a people have a good communication in the community between people and people, make us being more productive on everything we do, developed our self and also things surround us quickly. Everyday people need to make a connection to one another. And exchange the information from that connection. But the important thing is the way we're thinking. Like in the school, there are a lot of students from different place and family. But some student is isolated and other is sociable. Most people think that to isolate student mostly are bad, and the sociable student mostly are good. The reason that the student being isolated because there is something in the school that student can not accept, so they become isolated. It kindly like when you move from place to place you try to fit yourself in. It takes time for them to being sociable like other student. This is not the reason for us to think that to isolate student have a negative attitude. And also not all the sociable student have a positive attitude. We can learn from the past that thing happen in high school led the student to commit suicide. The student that have a negative attitude like to bullying other student and left them no choice. For the student that commit suicide also have a negative attitude because they take the outside source seriously then them self. This is the small example that we can compare for what the meaning of the word attitude is. People like to say that most millionaire are a bad person. We can not believe in this conventional wisdom. People sometime said the bad thing to other to make them self look good. But from what I see most millionaire have a good attitude because it led them to being more productive. Productive person is the person that you should be friended with. They always share the good things in their mind to you. Not just in the business world that have a productive person. Also in the community that we live in every day. People we meet every day that like to talk about the good things that happening to them. They share the idea how to get there and how to do it. It not means that they try to show off to you. Don't thing them wrong. We can see when the people get their new job, they like to share the idea. You just need to open your heart and listen to them. It might one day you can use this idea to do other things too. Also in the political world, a lot of Prime ministers, President, try to keep them self productive by doing a charity to the poor people. This is why the world become smaller and smaller. There are a lot of country in the world with a different culture, tradition and religion. And a lot of people know at least one language that is not their mother tough language. But also a lot of people that only know how to speak their mother tough language. When we were young, we're spending time mostly in school and they're teaching us the art, history, science, literature but the important thing is the language. We learn just one language and spending almost the ten years for us to be able to speak. For those years, we learn the basic how to speak in a formal way. Also, our parent watch our behavior and manner along the way. When we reach to the puberty, mostly everything is start to change. The important thing is the way we're thinking. Everything that we have been learning from our parent, teacher, friend, society start to root inside our brain and also define who we are. One famous quote from smart human that we call him Buddha said" You are what you think you are". This quote not designed just for his religion but for the worldwide. If you think you can become success, you will be success one day. If you think you want to be a doctor, you will become a doctor one day. No matter what you say always say a good thing to the people around you. No matter what you do always do a good thing to the people around you. If you want the people to do or say a good thing to you too. And everything is start from us the way we're thinking. Positive attitude is an important key for all success in life. And for my experience whenever I'm feeling down, discouragement, disappointment, anxiety, hopeless I always repeat this quote to myself "You are what you think you are". So after that if I had a bad time I keep thinking to myself that I can get through it. Even you have a small chance to success just keep thinking to yourself that you can make it through. One student asked the teacher will I pass the test if I do not know anything and the teacher answer even if you know that you can not make it just go to the test center. When they hand out the test just do what you know. And after that you will know that you have at least 1 percent chance of passing the test. The student do as the teacher told.