In today's world we accomplish many things by being active, and doing them. If we would like to achieve or accomplish something we have to be dedicated and actually try not just be inactive because this awesome life we have if full of amazing experiences. Many of us go to high school, or have jobs that we to attend, and we are expected to try our best which would benefit us. Being inactive or not doing something right could lead to getting fired or failing in school which is why inactivity is known for negative results. The way we accomplish is not on how smart we are, or what people tell us to do is on if we are willing to try and keep on doing it. In the other hand inactivity may give you the time to rest at home, catch up on things, but it wouldn't get you anywhere because you're not being productive. For example, if you're trying to get a job there's always competition for that position, the manager might want to pick the other person simply because his resume, he has involved himself in way more things like clubs and also because his ability of proving he's way better than the other person. Which is why it's all about doing something, so you can succeed in life rather than just sitting there and then later having the time to have fun. Lastly, the best feeling of accomplishing something is the reward, or enjoying what you have earned. For example, I am expected to do many things around the house like cleaning, feeding the dog, and even babysitting. Even though sometimes I don't want to do it, I end up accomplishing more than what I have to do because I am the type of person that likes being known for accomplishing things around the house and then having to enjoy that feeling of my parents being proud of me. Being inactive wouldn't result in a positive result to many people including me because you aren't gaining anything from it. I'm sure everyone loves that deep feeling when you have done something right, and you get something out of it. Not many people know how wonderful it is if we are always doing something and how it can really benefit you, even on the smallest things. In conclusion, people should consider always doing something even if it's something small because anyone can tell you being inactive isn't the way to live life or be. After all, the accomplishments you earned will really show off in the long run thanks to always doing something.  