In some occasion you feel weary or oppress to think about that you have to take high school during 4-years when you know that you can do in 3-years? Some school districts are thinking is this wonderful ides to offer a program to the students that they can graduate in 3-years, the school districts should be approved the idea to graduate in 3-years because it will be so helpful to the students to feel more motivate to graduate early, the students will use the other year to work and make money to pay some par of their career, and the students can enter and start college one year early. The students will feel more motivate to graduate early because many students that come from middle school they really took class of high school like Algebra 1, Geometry, Earth Science, History 1 etc, they can easily graduate and 3-years. I have two brothers older than I my brother that is 20-years-old he graduate in 3-years he misses only one class, but he takes during summers because the school have the programs to high school students graduate in 3-years.Also, some school districts don't offer this program to graduate in 3-years and the students lose their motivation to graduate and who want to go to school just for one class a whole year, what happened if a student miss only one class to graduate in 3 year, but the school districts don't have the programs and the student have to come for a whole year just for want class like my older brother that is 29-years-old he only misses one class to graduate in 3-years, but the school from California did not have the programs to leave him graduate in 3-years it was so bad for him and a lot of students past the same thing. The student will be able to use the other year to work and make money to pay a part of their career, we know that a lot of students don't have parents that can pay for their career because is a lot of money that they have to pay for a career, this year off will be so fundamental to the students who don't have the help enough to pay their career. During this year they can work and make money and have the opportunity to enter a college and be someone in life. The students who are a school don't have the time enough to get a work outside and pay their career through a work. This is why a lot of students who graduate from high school don't take a career because they don't have the money to pay it, or their parents don't have money to help them, I have a lot of friends and family who finished high school, but they did not take a career because they did not have the money enough to pay it, and what happened if you want to take a career, but you don't have the money enough to take it. In some cases occur that when the student finish they high school in 3-years they start college one year early, or they start to work to make the money for it, they can finish their career younger, we know that some career take like 6 or 8 years it will be so long, but have finish high school one year early will be so helpful for the students' life. Some students feel weary when they are taking 4-years of high school, they don't even have time to think about what they want to be, which career they want to take. The students don't have the time enough and this is why some students take wrong career and is very harmful for their life. In conclusion, all school districts should be allowed to offer the programs that high school students can graduate in 3-years, some school districts want the traditional four years, they think that is so helpful for the students, but they are wrong because the traditional four years cause a graduate decrease and many students go to school just for one or two classes, in the future if all school districts approve the programs to students can graduate in 3-years. Many students will be taking their career in college someone starting one year early, and other making the money during the year off to pay their career.  