Many people believe that the influences from others make us change on who we are, I believe that. Growing up we all had good and bad influences at school, home, or in any other place. As a kid, every little thing you see or hear; you copy. That's why you have to be careful what happens around kids, because it may affect them later on in life. For an example, when parents argue in front of their kids its dramatizing, and they may learn from that. Once there all grown up they can either be better than there parents or exactly the same or even worse, all because they were influenced by there parents arguments. It's not only just the arguments but when parents are abusive towards each other or when parents hit there children, even the use of drugs, it will affect the child later on. Kids believe that because someone else did it, It's okay for them to be able to do it too; and that's not right. As a parent, it is very important to talk to your children at a young age about the right way and the wrong way. Every parent wants the best for their child, they don't want to see them make mistakes or anything. As a teenager we think its annoying, or we think they don't understand the way were feeling, but that's not true. They give us advice and ground us when we do the wrong thing because they don't want us to go through any of that again. They were once teenagers too, and they already went through what were going through. Furthermore, they just want the best for us, because half of the time they couldn't be successful, and they want you to be able to grow up and have the things they were not able to get you. Another example could be the different types of influences at school. There's always going to be the good kids and the bad kids, you just gotta see which side is going to lead you into a better future. The good influences will want the best for you, for you to continue school, to not do drugs, to not do anything legal, etc. On the other hand, the bad kids will want you to ditch school, do drugs, do legal things, because as to them it's all "fun". It may seem fun, but there are consequences when you do the wrong thing. As a teenager you already have to have an idea on what you want to do later on in life. Half the teens don't know, because there stuck in a world where it involves, parties, alcohol, drugs, sex, etc. When your stuck in a world like that, It's very hard to get out. Being influenced by friends is very easy. Of all the times you guys hang out and everything, it starts to change you; from being well influenced or bad influenced. Perperssure is the reason a lot of us take the wrong lane in life. Your friends can convince you of doing something then you're going to want to keep doing it, even if you didn't like it, because you don't want to seem as a boring person, you don't want your friends to leave you on the side. You can even be the reason why someone chose the wrong lane. Even if you changed the way you are someone else is still suffering because they were influenced by you. Majority of the time people regent the things they did in the past. They regent being influenced that way, wishing they could have listened to the good, but sadly you can't change the past. That's why It's important to know exact what were doing, to listen to the people who are telling us to do the right thing. We might not want to seem boring but once we have an actual future, you will see that all the bad influence wasn't worth it. We are influenced by others, and we choose to become that person. Think today and make the decision to become someone better, don't follow the negative because it all leads to a bad ending.