Generic_NameTodays technology allows people to do many tasks without having contact with others positively. Technology today is now making it easier for us humans to do things and also showing us what the future could look like in a couple of years. Why would this be a negative thing ? If people are just trying to make are lives easier. For an example lets say you need to get somewhere but fast, and you don't have a ride there is now an app where you send your location and give the address to place you need to go and somebody will take you. Technology is such a great thing and its becoming greater each and every day. There are many types of apps that you can download on your phone today for anything. let's say that your at home and your starving, but you don't want to leave the house you can download an app called Grubhub that will make sure you don't miss a meal. What is Grubhub it's an app that delivers food from anywhere. All you do is tell the person what you want to eat the location of the place to pick up the food and your address, so they know where to drop it off. And it's that easy this thing that we call a phone can make all this happens with a bit of typing. These apps are for free too, but it may cost for the food but not everything is free in life. Computers are also a big part of technology. Computers and laptops are used every day could be for school for work for anything. Computers help out a lot in school for anyone who needs to do research and any type of information he or she did not know about. Laptops are great as well it's a computer that folds and is for on the go great for anyone that travels a lot or somebody that works on computers a lot. Laptops are becoming better every day there are even touch screen ones some that fold backwards and It's crazy to think about because what do you think is going to happen a couple of years from now technology is preparing us for the future. Technology is making our lives easier each and every day. Without technology I wouldn't be able to take this take I wouldn't be able to the police if I'm in danger. It's a great use for us humans this will never be a negative thing to me. We need technology in our lives, so we know what's going on around us. Technology is a use and it always will be.