Imagine how life would feel like when you can't have your favorite food at your favorite spot in school? Would it even be fun to go to school or not. About a week or two ago I went to Panda Express to grab some food on my way home but at the time that I got there, I asked to get some white rice with some orange chicken, but the workers told me they have changed their menu a little so I can't have some, at that point I fell so sad because that was the only spot that sold some in town. I think the change of the school menu would be a bad idea because, it will make students leave the school ground to go get some food in an illegal way, it would also bring some money problems in school, and it would also make some students keep on empty stomach during the school day till they get home to prepare some food. Secondly, If students leave the school ground to go get some food in an illegal way and they never came back, this would leave the parents worried because since the principal decided to change the menu they would have a reason for leaving school ground. Mr. principal I would be happy to tell you to leave the menu like how it is because it would make some students get in trouble and a lot of incidents will happen when they leave.0nce a bad incident happen out of the school ground, the principal would be responsible for all the damages caused when they left, keeping the old menu would be a good idea, but we don't want our accidents and school detentions to increase. In addition to this it would cause some money problems because if students are going to have to eat healthy then how would they gain more money easily to support the school when they are in needs of something. This is some way you can make more money so, Mr principal if you decide to change it the school is going to have to shut down at a point because when is no money to operate the school and pay the teachers and custodians they would have to leave their job and get a better one and once everyone one is gone there would be any teachers to teach the students. Mr principal because of this reason we should keep the old menu so that students and teachers can enjoy their selves in the school.Therefore, if the principal end up using the healthy menu this will lead to some students getting sick because they will have to leave their stomach empty, and they can't have what they want. This will cause a protest in the county because they supposed to eat what they like, and what the cafeteria think will be good for them to eat. In case of this reason the teachers will teach for no reason because the student are so focused on going home to eat what their mom or dad have prepared waiting for them, so if the principal wants them to focus on class then he is supposed to give them what they like. In conclusion I think leaving the old menu would be a good idea because if the principal wants the students to try to improve in their class then he should leave it. Therefore, if the students wants to add TH healthy menu on it then he should let them vote on it whether they agree on what he is saying but I would say leaving the old one should be the best for the students.  