I agree what Thomas Jefferson wrote, and peoples doesn't want to participate or do something in any activity to help other people. Idle people is big problem, and they always ask for help from the government, but they don't want to work. People have taken hand by hand and support each other and help the people who don't have a job. So we are going to accomplish more if we are always doing something, or create inactivity to serve a purpose. Thomas Jefferson gave this wrote because all the people don't have to be an idle, government have to support the people to an accomplish something to help the people, and people have to take the activities or jobs that governments gave to them as a series. All the people doesn't have to be an idle because all people should have to work and help each other. People have to create a specific times and days work and divide the work between the people. Some people are old and want's to retirement that may get an opportunity to the other to have chance to get a job. It's really helpful when people support the other that will help everybody also, that will help the government to give more opportunities and create communities from different culture. To mix communities from many cultures that help to have a people who have different job. Government have to support the people to accomplish something to help other people. Many communities today serve a different job at that way many people can work if they have extra time from their day. However, students are very important element to this plan, and they have the future in their hand. Schools and students can help to crate an activity for any student who interested to work with this activity. Peoples from around the world who have many idea how to create an activity or a community. People have to take the activities or jobs that government gave as a series. It's very wonderful when people feel to their job as important job to them. Also people have to share anything at newspaper for the people to let them know that anyone need a job. People like to have something accomplish in their life. People like what Thomas Jefferson said, and they accomplish what he said. It's a good idea when all people working together and help each other. All the people don't have to be an idle, government have to support the people to an accomplish something to help the people, and people have to take the activities or jobs that governments gave to them as a series. Government have to support the people to accomplish something to help other people. People like what Thomas Jefferson said, and they accomplish what he said. Many people disagree with this for many reasons. Most of them have a hard life or sick, and they can't move from their bed because of retarded.