Thomas Jefferson wrote, "Determine never to be idle it is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing." I strongly agree on what he said about us people always doing something will help us accomplish more. I will explain why I agree on what Thomas Jefferson wrote about always being doing something. Even though it sounds like it is not a good thing I will give you my point of view of why it is important to always be active. First, one of the reason why it is important to be active doing something because you will accomplish more. For me, I like to be busy because it will keep me focus, be determined, and keep me motivated. Being busy will help me finish my work or task I am doing. An example would be, i would rather be busy doing homework than just sitting around doing nothing and not being productive. You may have stress if your always busy but at the end it will always pay off. Second, another reason I agree on why always doing something helps you accomplish more is in time managing. Because you can not always be something and always finish it. People like to time manage, so they can finish the work that will keep them occupied the most first. If your always doing something that you need to do it will keep you from doing stuff that will not benefit you. It is a good thing to build time for other task you need to do then to just stay focus on one and not accomplish as much. Lastly, always doing something makes you a proactive person. Being lazy and not being a proactive person will affect you. Because you will not accomplish more than a person who is always doing something and is progressing in their own task they need to be doing. Always doing something is a good habit to have that will help you to always be successful. You will feel prouder of your self for the hard work you put in on your task for being always active on them. In conclusion, all those reason I talked about are reason why I agree on what Thomas Jefferson wrote, About it being a good thing that if we are always doing something we accomplish more. You will never have to worry about not doing a certain task you need to do if your always active and productive. People will not worry about them forgetting to do things if they are always busy and remembering to use their time management skill to help them.  