I really like this quote because, I believe this is a problem that basically happens in many homes and also many societies of people. Being motivated to become what they don't want to be and what you don't have the passion for. Therefore, I disagree with Emerson's statement; Why? Because I believe everyone has a choice to choose what they are passionate about, not what the society or the influence of their parent saying I see a doctor or an engineer in you. Having the love for a profession or a study is one of the greatest thing, you feel like you are living every time you figure something out, you feel happy and motivated to take it father to you reach the top. When someone is passionate about a profession, studing of a language, writting, discovering,healing, helping people, anything in this world I believe they should be motivated. Not brought down by making them do something else because it's not healthy physically or mentally I believe. An example is ME. I have studied business almost my whole like since I was in my country, beause I wanted to be work in any field of business. Last year I moved to the United States and my parent and everyone around me said I should be a nurse, but i don't have the passion for nursing, but with no support on my side I decided to be nurse, and mentally I feel like ITA going to be difficult, and I always bring my self down when i think about it, but if it was something I had the passion for i wouldn't mind the hardness I will just concentrate on how I will make it and believe in myself that I will surly get and will also be very determined. That what I mean by being motivated and supported to do what you want and do what you love is really great. So I disagree with this quote, some people will agree because they believe your society or your surrounding makes you who you are. But I believe the society and everyone around does not make you, or can not stop you or influence you to do the opposite of what you want to do unless you give them the chance like me, or you take your stand and let them know why you want and love this thing, and it will be a great honor if you accomplished it. 