Do you wounder why kindness impact on people think in your mind how kindness effect peoples lives? The first reason is when someone shows their kindness too much, and they get annoyed. The second reason is when they show kindness back they will be angry at you because you got annoyed bye theirs. The third reason is some people just don't like small people because they believe they give you bad luck. My forth reason is an ex:Like say someone like lets say... Generic_Name gives you a hug but let's say the player decides to kill Generic_Name then Generic_Name his brother comes and shields him then Generic_Name gets his revenge bye judging you by teaching you to be nice. My last reasons] is also an ex:Then you spare/give him respect Generic_Name is happy and goes home you can choose to kill the king or go to his house and live with him and ask him to teach you the acts of kindness. The other ways people can show kindness is fighting their demons. And fighting bullies from their past in their head or in the real world. Sometimes gas stations get rob and the police have to chase them down, and sometimes you can help them. Some other ways people and kids can help they can show kindness to the ocean bye getting trash in the water. Another why people can show kindness is helping the community pick up trash on the ground. People across the world there are so much kind people out their they can help you with anything. Like clean up your yard and the shed and the playground and the trampling and the outside of the house. And they need kindness to, so we help them to in needed or in trouble. I had an old friend name umm... I forget, so lets call her Generic_Name she had a lot of problems like trying to kill her self or cut her self or Evan hang her self but I was always there for her but on day she went missing and I never saw her again we had good times together, but she was there for me to like when we were kids she wood protect me from bullies and demons I don't know how she has known about demons when we were in 3 grade I did not care. Sometimes i wounder is she here watching me has a ghost I would be happy but creep out at the same time. And that's why kindness is impotent in life.  