The decision regarding extracurricular involvement should be left to students and their family because, students know how to manage their time, families would remind or help out, and teachers give students time to finish or study assignments. As a senior in high school, I attend to many activities after school and still have plenty of time to complete assignments. I believe, that managing time is key on getting everything done on time. In the past, I have asked teachers on how I could manage my time and still have time to complete assignments. After having that conversation, I had improved my grades and also had time for activities. That's why I think managing time is a good way to complete school work and finish any outside activities. If my family were to see me go out a lot or come back late from any activity without completing my work, they would talk to me and find a way to help me out. After that, they would see my grades and check for any late assignments because, there is no family that would like for their son/daughter to have bad grades in school. Many students would not pay attention on their grades and go outside thinking that they have nothing due for any classes. Although, that's when families come in and remind their child that they have assignments to complete before they go outside. This is why families are good reminders and helpers on getting good grades. Teachers in high school give students enough time to complete assignments or study during class. I tend to complete it during class because I like to go home and not worry about any school work. Overtime if a student does not finish their homework, teachers tend to say that they gave us time to complete it during class. However, I do not make that same mistake and finish my work during class, so that the teacher would not bother me. That is why taking advantage on finishing working during class, is a good why to have time for any outside activity. That is why schools should not control any student, and regarding extracurricular involvement shall be left to students and their families.  