We are living in a world full of possibilities in the day-to-day basis, where we could decide whether to go to Paris the next day or stay at home sleeping in bed. The question is what would be a better decision in this set of crossroads. What would make the most out of our short lives we have of living. Perhaps you'll be surprised of how much you can accomplish in this lifespan. Being active on a day-to-day basis has proven to create more happiness and more "success" throughout people's lives. I think the many witnesses we have of people who have lived a "successful" life is enough of an example. We have heard stories of so many people who have stood out on their field; celebrities, journalists, corporation leaders, etcetera. What do all of these people have in common? They never backed down from their dreams and took every step in their life in action towards that dream. People like Steve Jobs could've stayed in the comfort of their homes, idle, to the outside world and the possibilities that they had to create something that would transcendental change the world. But they decided otherwise, because of their denial to deafness they shaped and transformed the 21st century world as we know it. All the people who we remember and our taught about in our history classes, decided to live their lives action to make a change. But many times we don't have a goal to find the motivation to take action towards our life. It should be reminded that the actions we take don't have to be for our own desires. Instead, taking action and denying being ideal allows us the possibility of one of the greatest sources of happiness: service to others. We are constantly battered by a world that seems more disastrous every day, every time we watch the news we seem to be living in world full of lies and grief. Where innocent people suffer the consequences of actions that are not their own. By denying to idleness and reflecting about the world we live in, we allow ourselves to create an impact on other people's lives. Spreading joy and happiness and making a mark on their lives. While also creating happiness and fulfillment in our own lives. Perhaps a more gruesome but at the same time important way to analyze the denial to idleness is asking ourselves these questions: "When I leave this earth, what do I want to leave behind?"" What do I want my legacy to be?". Hopefully your answer isn't anything. Because whether we believe it ourselves or not we all have the capacity, capability, and opportunity to leave a legacy that we are proud of. We are all the determinants of our legacy. Whether it is something of large scale involving the whole world or something related to your best friend. We are all most likely to want for people to remember us. Perhaps it's something chemical in our brains that makes us want this, or perhaps we want to know that the time we spent on Earth was of some value. Perhaps in our last hours of living we want the reassurance of this very thing. And the only way to know that we will feel that satisfaction is by taking action today, no matter where you are or what you're doing. After all when people were asked in their last hours of living what do they regret doing, they said that they do not regret doing anything, that instead they regretted not doing the things they could've done. Taking action is the way to leave footprints on this earth, by taking steps forwards, backwards, to the right and left. And perhaps more than one of those steps will be facing the wrong direction, but it's important to remind ourselves that we have to keep walking because that's the only way we will realize how much we can accomplish. Taking action in your everyday life and the denial of idleness allows you the possibility to create the world you once thought you could only imagine. By stepping out and seeing what life has to offer whether that be a flower or a river, it is what allows us to accomplish our goals. And the denial of idleness helps you realize that there's people out there who want your joy put out on this world. So my last question to you is: When you wake up tomorrow, will you take a step forward?