Is true self-esteem caused by self-confidence or is it caused by achievement, are people right about what they believe that; self-esteem is caused by self-confidence or is self-esteem caused by achievements? Self-esteem is caused by achievements, although some people may believe self-esteem is caused by "self-confidence". I personally believe, self-esteem is caused by someone's achievement. By personal experience my self-esteem is caused by my own achievements. True self-esteem is caused by achievements for example: We can say, an employee at Chipotle has recently been elected "employee of the month". People may say" what does that have to do with self-esteem?" It does have to do with self-esteem because, that person has recently been elected employee of the month, and is being rewarded for his achievement of being elected employee of the month for his hard work. Although some people may believe that; self-esteem is caused by self-confidence. I personally still believe achievement is prior to self-confidence, and it's the cause of someone's self-esteem like; being elected employee of the month, that is one feeling of satisfaction that person had for being elected employee of the month. Next, it is possible that self-esteem could be caused by self-confidence. For example: there may be students that can't start off their day learning without feeling confident about themselves. They may not want to learn, because they don't feel the positive energy or enough knowledge to be able to cope with how they're feeling that day; whether they want to learn or they don't want to learn. Also, for example: I have a friend who can't learn if she doesn't feel confident. She starts distracting others around her, she starts interrupting class, because it is hard for her to focus and learn when she doesn't feel confident. Although some people believe in praising a student's work to build self-esteem. I still believe in achievement being prior to self-confidence. Because in my opinion the second the student is done being praised; they will immediately go back to not feeling self-confident to start their day learning. Finally, true self-esteem is profit to achievement. There is a vast of people around the world being praised for their achievements. Achievements include; If you're being praised for something good you've done like: getting a job, becoming employee of the month, helping someone by carrying their groceries to their car, if an elderly has tipped over in the street and need help getting up, these are the causes of true self-esteem. For example: Last year 2018 at my old school, Generic_school our cheer team felt true self-esteem to find out they had made it to finals. Making it to cheer-leading finals was a vast achievement for them, because it had been 5 years since our team had won finals. In conclusion, true self-esteem is caused by achievement. By personal experience I can conclude that achievement plays a huge role in having self-esteem, because my true self-esteem is caused by my own achievements, and due to others personal experience true self-esteem is caused by their achievement. Although some people may believe that; self-esteem is caused by "self-confidence". I personally believe, self-esteem is caused by someone's achievement.