In the past, I think I studied awful, and I didn't get a high school diploma. I think I agreed with Emerson's statement because I need to try harder and get a high school diploma, although some people might say I disagree with Emerson's statement. I agree with Emerson's statement because I need to study harder. To begin with, I need to pass this class to get good grades. Additionally, I have to spend time for studying and get ready for another test. I will not get frustrated and confused for this test. Next, we studied together with my friends so that helps me to boost my grades. My friends would help me and studied together so gives me to memorize my brain and getting ready for the test. Finally, I will try my best and think harder, so I can track my grades and make it smarter. Furthermore, I will be able to check my missing work, so I can get back for my passing grades. That said, I would agree with Emerson's statement. I agree with Emerson's statement because I'm getting a high school diploma. First, I have to check my grades to get a high school diploma. I will be able to see my passing grades to get my diploma. Second, I will have to take job classing during the graduating year. I would choose to computer science, so I have to get mastered of computing. Also, computer science is really hard, so I have to practice for computing coding daily, so I can get back on track to getting good grades. When I'm college, I have to get the computing degree is the key to success for good grades. Lastly, I will practice computer coding every day to get beyond programming and future. But I will take computer knowledge classes and technology to help maintenance computers and resolve computers to fix. It is obvious people would agree with Emerson's statement. Still, some people might say they disagree with Emerson's statement. For instance, they are struggled to keep things up, however, the grades are getting down. I feel depressed when I don't know about combing computer codes. Also, I can't even focus on work, so I tried to get help with others. Sometimes, I would provide an assistance when I'm doing my work. My friends would teach me for how I do computer coding to get some provide information. As I said, they agree with Emerson's statement. That was being said, I have to try harder and get high school diploma, I would agree with Emerson's statement. In the future, I will apply a job for a programmer to get career information. I have to code, work hard and get some activities to do. I will train hard and get involved with my career.