A famous quote once said by Thomas Jefferson, "Determine never to be idle. . . It is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing". Off this quote I feel that sometimes in life you can accomplish things with no effort but mostly, in life you have to work hard to earn and get the things you deserve and have well accomplished in life. Another thing is that you have to have a perfect effort in life to get really far. I agree with Thomas Jefferson's quote on," how much maybe be done if we are always doing" because that's how it has to be done in life, you have to work for what you want and need, everything is earned in life, and it's way easier to get things that need to be done quicker by putting your effort and always working, than to just be standing or lying around doing nothing. One main reason I agree with Thomas Jefferson's quote is that you have to work for what you get in life, you have to always be doing something to get stuff done. It's an amazing quote that is used in a way that many don't think or have had the thought of. His quote is supporting the fact that it takes hard work and focusing to get work done and that work won't get done on its own. Another reason, is that no matter what you do, you always gotta work in life. To not take things for granted and actually work and to not be lazy and get no work done that has to be done, done. It'll help out in the long run and make things easier in life by doing what you have to. Thomas Jefferson's route is there to encourage others to do great in life and do everything possible to get your goals chivied. This quote is a great figure of speech that can help out in the long run for people in need of it. One last reason I believe Thomas Jefferson quote is a great and an amazing quote is that it justifies that life isn't easy and everything isn't free, also that things come with consequences. To also, not take things for granted and be grateful for what you got because that's the amount of effort you put in, instead of just laying down and or doing nothing at all. The quote has an a lot of great reasons and thoughts that are put into peoples minds off this one quote it could help motivate someone in need of motivation. In conclusion, Thomas Jefferson's quote can help people that are in need of something to motivate them. To help them by telling them that it's fascinating to see what you get out of completing your work by always doing something. Lastly, how easily it is to complete something by moving around and not just sitting and down absolute nothing about your work. Support this quote because it well helps people understand how life goes and how you're supposed to live in order to be great and wise.