Did you know everyone has a talent? Talent is a special skill that everyone has. Everybody has a talent or a skill, my talents is doing math problems, when you do math you will be more organized, and it helps you grade go up even more better. First, if you solve math problems more often, you will be good at organizing things. Solving math can make you think about spending time. It will create a thought about how you spend time. Eventually, you will learn how to spend your precious time wisely. Additionally, it will lead you to good decisions. Basically solving problems is like, when you have to make a wise decision. You have to figure out the best solution that you can think of. After that, this process can help your personal problems. We use math every day to solve our personal problems. Math is not just a subject, it is teaching you life skills too. Solving math problems can lead to good organizing skill. Next, If you do math, it can help your grades go up and get it better. First, if you start doing math, your grade for math will be satisfied. Math subject requires a time for studying, and it takes your patients too. Taking the time to study for math always pays off. In the end, your grade will be good, and it will be all worth it. Then, when your grade is good, you will be more relaxed and pleased with your life. When you have a bad grade, it really does feel awful and the will be ashamed by yourself. But when you have a good grades, it just makes you feel better and good. Eventually, If you do math more than usual, start doing it for your free time, you will be good at other school subjects. Every subject has bit of math. For example, science is basically a different form of math. For me, figuring out math problems helps your grades get better. Solving math equations is my talent, when you do math, I think you get more organized and your grades go up. For me doing math is like a puzzle, if you get wrong piece you will have to try again and if did put in the right place you will get the solution. If you made mistake, you have to think again, learn from it and try hard to not make the same mistake again.