Bad choices, no better career. Ever thought about how a bad path looks like? A bad path will never lead you into good things. It will just mess up your school grades. Think about the good choices and how it will bring joy into your life. First, my cousin was going through a bad path last year when he was a freshman in high school. He would always come home late at night. He always had his mother worried about him. Next, there was this one night where she was so worried, she had to call the police because she thought something bad happened to him. When my mom told me about the situation, I never looked up to it, never imagined myself doing that. In addition, he would barely answer his mothers phone calls. She was devastated seeing her son go through a bad path. One day she was done with the things he did, so she decided to take him to Generic_City with my 37-year-old cousin. He spent about 2 weeks in Generic_City so that he would think about his bad choices. When he came back, his mother decided to move to another house and another school for him. Finally, things are so much better now. His grades are much better now, he doesn't go out to late at night anymore, and his mom is peacefully working. My cousin is doing good choices now. First, he is not in bad paths anymore thanks to his mother. Recently, he has been working out and eating healthy. Every Saturdays and Sundays morning, he goes to the gym with this older sister that is 21 years old. Next, he gets home he eats a bowl of sugar-free oatmeal with sliced strawberries and blueberries. I know for sure that he wants to be a new and better person. Last year when he was a freshman, he would skip a lot of school days. His mother would get phone calls of him absent. But, he is putting a lot of effort into school. Over the summer, my dad decided to take him to work with him. My cousin helped him out with construction tools. They both worked for about 7 hours that day. A few days later, my dad had to meet up with his boss and other co-workers to earn the money. Lastly, my dad, siblings and I drove to his house to not only drop off the 80 dollars he earned, but also see how him and his family were doing. I never experienced this, and I know that I never will. Seeing to suffer in his mom was terrifying. I would never want my mother to suffer the way his mother did. Think about the good choices and how it will bring joy into your life. I would be very lost to see myself into his bad choices. It's very important to learn experience from others to use empathy and see how it will affect you.  