I strongly believe that technology is positive on human life because of all the effects it had on us in the past and present. Such as: technological advancements, you can talk to people easier, caused scientific break through which made us go further in life, and it also gave us security or protection. The technological advancements are practically everywhere because everything we use is technology. It has helped us with new vehicles that could possibly be more fuel efficient and possible will create more safety in the cars since it's easy to hurt someone in a crash. It helped us in school and made us understand things such as looking up answers you don't know or checking when the next test is. Furthermore, it inspires people to think of other ways we can advance our technology state currently.It's really easy to talk to people because it doesn't take that much effort in order to have a conversation. The news is one example because it tells us what's happening even if they are far away from us, we can still hear them. The weather could change into a disaster, and they would tell us to evacuate. It allows us to talk to relatives that live in other areas or countries. It could let us see political debates and see what's happening in other areas. Without technology, we wouldn't have had any scientific break through because it mostly helped us with everything in life. An example of this would be us landing on the moon which is an important day for the people because it showed that we could do huge things. If people did not take the time to study and think about the different scenarios then we would not have those outcomes. It helps us by looking up something we don't understand on the internet and in five seconds you could finally understand whatever you were trying to look up. One thing that makes us feel safe would be your own home but what if someone broke in and had bad intentions. There would be an alarm system that would ring and call the police to indicate that there was an intruder. It gives us security by giving us locks on important things such as banks so no one can enter it unless they knew your password or any other necessity. Technology definitely played a huge role in our daily life and the evidence shows because everything we do involves technology or is something about technology. I strongly believe that technology doesn't stop human interaction but helps builds it up. I think this because we can text friends, text family, work on a project, or do school related stuff with it. If we keep on making up better technology or improve it then I believe it will make discover or invent big things that will push us into the future.