Everyone has a talent or skill. For Example, my talent is drawing. Drawing is really useful because I can use it for a lot of things like school projects, plays,and more. To get good at something I enjoy doing it takes a lot of time and effort for me to be good at the activity I enjoy doing. Every one has a talent or skill but the only way to develop that talent or skill is by hard work, practicing,and doing it constantly. Firstly, everyone has a talent or skill but the only way to develop that skill is by working hard. For example, when I first started drawing. When I first started to draw I was awful,because i didn't practice at all. However, when I started to put that hard work in I started to get good at drawing and then I saw that I can only get better by working hard. Moreover, working hard is a chance for me to show my self what I'm capable of doing. Working hard is good for me because I'm challenging my self to do better in life as I get older and get better in my skills and talents. As can be seen, just by working hard can take someone far in life to achieve greatness. Secondly, everyone has a talent or skill but the only way to develop that talent or skill is by practicing it. For example, my friends' talent is playing soccer. My friend is perfect at soccer because he practices and trains every day. Even though my friend is small and skinny he doesn't care who he plays against because he can play with people twice his size and double his weight and still play good. For example, one day I went to see my friend play in a tournament. The day of the tournament was beautiful because the sun was out, the sky was blue, and the temperature was perfect. After a few minutes of us waiting, the game finally started, and we got to see my friend play. At the beginning of the match my friend was going through everyone because of how he was playing. My friend was running so fast that he looked like a cheetah running for the ball. After the match was over they ended up winning the whole tournament because they had the most points which made my friend really happy cause all that hard work had finally paid off. Later we went to eat at a restaurant which smelled like flowers and the food tasted like if it was from heaven. As can be seen, practicing can take people to achieve greatness. Lastly, everyone has a talent or skill but the only way to develop that talent or skill is by constantly doing it. For example, when my dad started to learn how to play the guitar. At first my dad was awful because he had never played a guitar in his whole life, so he told his friend to teach him hot to play it. My dads friend told him everything he needed to know on how to play it, so my dad started playing the same notes constantly until he learns how to play it. Furthermore, having a talent is awesome because it can help people with daily day challenges. For example, if imp laying a soccer match and my talent is playing soccer I'm going to do good, or if I'm in school and I have to do a project and my talent is drawing I'm going to get a good score because that's where I'm good at. As can be seen, practicing constantly can improve someone's talents or skills. In conclusion, everyone has a talent or skill they just need to know how to develop that talent or skill. By practicing, working hard, and constantly doing it can be improved a persons talent or skill. Do you think it's helpful to have a talent or skill?