Success has always it's ups and downs, I know that their will always will be failures in whatever you are doing. For example, I am planning to be a photographer soon, with that had to go through many steps in getting the equipment that I needed. Also, I needed to figure out all the techniques of a camera, through all of that there has always been times when I failed to complete my task. Either there were problems with my camera or with my lighting just problems that I didn't know how to function well enough. Well with all of that I learned from my mistakes now, I know of what and not to do with my camera. I'm still learning new techniques since I started about a year ago, I'm still somewhat new, but I plan to do this for a couple of years and make a career out of then we try to pursue a career or even just trying to figure out the simplest problem that we have, we will all at one point in our lives get an answer to that problem or issues that you have. That's why failure is a key part to success, if you don't learn from your mistakes how will you learn. For example, when I was in middle school my teacher always picked on me in class the reason behind it was because I didn't play my instrument the right way. Well now I thank him for teaching me and instructing me how to play my instrument the correct way. Now I have improved over the past years and play the saxophone in my senior year. In Conclusion, their will always be ups and downs in life, in all of these examples that I have given you they have all impacted my life in a good way. It also shows that in my life there was failures and at some point in your life their will be problems that you have got to fix. In my hands I will have an advantage over people that starting to be a photographer, they will make the same mistakes as I made, but they will recover from it. That's why success has always been my number one goal in life I want to be a well known photographer. All of these examples have made me a better person from what I was and from what I know, and I am thankful for all the adults that had helped me through this journey.