The school board plans to add one and a haft hour to each school day. Do you think is a good idea to extending the school day? The school board should not add one and a half hours to each school day because all the students will get stress, all the school program will get delay, and the all starts to skipping school. The first reason why the school board should not add one and a half hours to each school day is because all the students will get stress. Some students can get depression by learning too much. They don't want to study any more because of the long day in school. They will get very tired of sitting all day. Furthermore, they will not do their homework because they have to memorize a lot of things at school are ready. Furthermore, they don't have a lot of time left at home to study or do in their homework. Furthermore, they will not interest in school anymore. That's the first reason why the school board should not one and a half hours for each school day. The seconds' reason why the school board should not extend the school day is because of the school program and activity will get delay. So if the school board add one and a half hours of school all the after school program will get delay. No more students want to stay after anymore because if to late. Just think about the transportation from the school. If a student live in a rural area they have to wake up at 5 A. M to get ready for school because from his/her house is one hour away for the school. If the student planning to stay after school she/he may not get home at 7 P.M. And he/she have to get home before 7 P. M to be available to do her/his homework. That is all the reasons why school should not extend the school day. The cost of electricity every year is over 6 millions dollars, just think about how much it can cost the school board if they add one and a half hours of school each day? If the school board add one and a half hours for each school day, all the students can learn more thing. The last reasons why the school should not add one and a half hours because the cost of electricity. Every year the school board have to pay over 6 millions dollars. If the school board spend over 6 millions to the electricity every year's then how many millions for every thing else. The school board will not have a lot of money let to update the school. The school board should not add one and a half hours to each school day because all the students will get stress, the school program and activity will get delay, and the cost of electricity. That is all the reason why the school board should not add one and a half hours for each school day. Do you agree or disagree with extending the school day?  