Would you be able to be yourself constantly in anything and accomplish the greatest of the world? I am sure if you're trying to be yourself always you can accomplish the greatest, however you life is easier to be yourself. If you believe in yourself constantly nothing in this world is impossible for you, "THE HEAVEN IS THE LIMIT", because you can do it anything you want. (Why?) Because you have the power of yourself and the most important you have faith,"THE FAITH MOVE MOUNTAINS". When you believe in yourself you don't have obstacle. MARTIN LUTHER KING:I have a dream I want everybody look the same color. He believes in himself and he have a lot of faith he gonna to do it, and he was always positive in his dream. He was in his belief, and he thought he can make his dream real. After a few years late he was tray to made he dreams real he accomplishment. He accomplishment his dream in Washington D.C. IF you have a dream in this life, and you want tray constantly to make real I know you can do it, the all you need to do it is be yourself. CRISTIANO RONALDO:He is a Portuguese guy when he was child he missed his father and that time the life was difficult for him and for his mom. But in the plans of CRISTIANO not was for given up he has a passion, and he believes himself. After he gets 13 years old he started to work at the mornings and afternoon he played soccer. He is the best soccer player and his village. After 15 years old he started to play soccer for the country team after he become a renowned player of soccer in the world. When you believe in yourself you can accomplish your goals doesn't matter what obstacle you have At the front. Although you think you can't do it, yes you can do it if you believe in yourself and consistent trying to make the thing everything can be possible. When you have faith and believe in yourself you accomplish anything. After you start to do it something or something have in you life don't give up keep believe in yourself. Everything you aspiration you won't be you will be everything you imaginary you will creative just keep believe in yourself. If you have a dream oh passion oh something else in you mind and you want to do it start to be yourself.  