Have you ever just sat down and thought, Do we really accomplish more if we are always doing something, or does inactivity also serve a purpose? Some say sayings have a reason for example Thomas Jefferson wrote "Determine never to be idle... it is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing something", Does this mean it is true because he said it? Or is it just something he wrote because it was his opinion? I strongly agree with what Thomas Jefferson wrote, it's saying in little words don't be lazy, it's amazing how much can get done if we are always doing something. If we are always doing something other than what we want to accomplish it takes time and the process just gets longer. I believe that inactivity serves a purpose even though your inactive or active some or many things can be accomplished. One reason I believe that inactivity serves a purpose is because, more can be accomplished when you are not active and working. I have experienced this numerous of times at my job. At my job, we have task we have to get done by a certain time which is closing, and sometimes those task don't get done due to how busy the store gets, when the store gets busy we can't get what we want accomplished, but say we are not active, or working and the place gets slow and calm. We have the time to get our task done and meet the requirements and leaving on time. When you are super active and busy it gets hectic and that just adds more to your tasks. For example you're making some food, drinks and there's more and more orders, you can't make something then clean you're going to have to keep going and clean it all up at the end when it slows down. In my opinion you get what you want accomplished when your less active in this case. Another reason I believe that inactivity serves a purpose is because, when your not active you don't know what you're going to accomplish that day, but out of boredom you're going to get something out of it. This happens to me all the time when one day I'm just free all day with absolutely nothing to do, and I just lay in bed with a mess in my room not even thinking about the mess and all of a sudden I start cleaning everything and organizing everything. Like Thomas Jefferson says "Determine never to be lazy... it is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing something" In this case it works both ways because if your doing something you get something accomplished and something good out of it, but if your doing absolutely nothing then you get nothing accomplished. Lastly I believe that inactivity serves a purpose because, say your going to try out for the boys or girls soccer team and there is only 1 spot left. Obviously you're going to need to practice every day and know how to play. Practice makes perfect the more active you are with soccer, the more chances you're going to get that last spot to be a member of the soccer team, but say you really want the last spot but your just not as good as the others, and it's a new sport you just want to try out, but you are not practicing every day to get better. If you don't practice every day to get better than there are fewer chances of you making that last spot just because you weren't as active and on it like the others. The more practice you receive the more chances you will have to get that last spot because of the dedication with no activity done there's no hope in that. In conclusion, inactive or active you get through your day and learn something new and that is an accomplishment so much can be done in many situations, anything is possible. At one point through your day you accomplish making it through even if you felt like you didn't accomplish anything you must have, because you learn something new that is the biggest accomplishment. Thomas Jefferson said that for a reason for sure. Everything has a meaning and reason behind it. 