The limitation of human contact due to the use of technology has a negative effect on peoples lives because there is less communication, you don't really get to enjoy life as much, and your less capable of showing your creativity or smartness. Technology has had a big effect on humans from adults to toddlers all around the world in schools and in many other environments. With less communication due to technology may cause conflicts between people. You may have not been able to comprehend what was said or happened because you weren't communicating. Not communicating causes people not to understand what you mean or where you are coming from in any situation if it's in a relationship or friendship. Communication is something everyone should be comfortable to do and know about. You don't really get to enjoy life as much because with technology you don't really focus on anything else that is happening around you. When you're at family events you may be on your phone and not focusing on your family enjoying dinner, making funny jokes or opening up about something new and important to them. You may be at school and miss on all school events or the kindness of people around you. It does have a big impact on your family because you may care and love them but having technology around really makes them think otherwise. Technology may get in the way of you showing your creativity and smartness. When you are at work or at school, and you have been put in a place that you have to prove what you are capable of. A teacher may have assigned you to activities or have you do homework, but you may have not done it or been able to. You aren't capable of outsmarting someone or something through technology and creating new things or being open-minded to learn new things. Everything may be different due to you being used to technology. The limitation of human contact due to the use of technology has a negative effect on peoples lives because there is less communication, you don't really get to enjoy life as much, and your less capable of showing your creativity or smartness. Many are used to it and carry it everywhere with them, and it may be a distraction in certain places or situations. You complete much more tasks without technology in schools, with families, and jobs. Technology may not be able to teach or help with things you will need in real life situations without it, you avoid many problems. 