It's a good idea to have homework club at your school. Every school should have homework club at least three times a week. Homework club is a club where teachers help you with your homework or if you need help understanding a subject. Homework club helps students get to learn a little more about that subject, be more active with theirs friends, and it makes them have more confidence about their work. Homework club is a big help for students. There's so much stuff you can do at homework club and that is finishing a project with a friend, studying for a test/quiz, or even finishing your homework early. At homework club you get so much help from the teachers. You can finish a project with a friend and when you do that it helps you be more active with that person. If a student ever has a doubt with a question about their project, then they can go to homework club and get some help with their project. The best part about homework club is that when more students come, we get to help each other with our projects. It's like a community were we help each other with any questions we have. Projects are really hard when you do it by yourself, but if you go to homework at your school then you will get all the help you need. If your having trouble then the best place to go is homework, so you can get some help. Another thing you can get do at homework club is study for a test/quiz. The teachers will help you make flashcards, help you over the study guide, or even play a game of Kahoot. If you didn't know what Kahoot is, Kahoot is a game where it helps you a lot before a test/quiz. I can say that Kahoot is like a study guide but form into a game. Many students can't really study for a test/quiz when they are at home, because they can't concentrate studying when they are alone. So if you go to homework club they will help you study for your test/quiz, and you will for sure not get distracted. I recommend everyone to come to homework club at least three times a week, so you can get help to study for a test/quiz or if you need help with something else. If you go to homework club then you will pass your test/quiz, cause homework clubs will help you prepare yourself for your test/quite last thing that homework clubs helps you is got your homework done early. The teachers will explain everything perfectly, and I guarantee you will learn even more than what you learn in class. Math teachers, Science teachers, History teachers, and English teachers are going to teach students so much more. You can go to homework club and do your homework early, so you don't have to worry about doing it at home. In homework club teachers explain the homework to the students but with more details. What I mean is that the teachers will teach you more about that subject. Homework club is one of the best club there is. It helps students learn more about the subject, it also makes them have more confidence, and it makes them be more active with your classmate at homework club. Homework club is a community full of amazing students and teachers. There are so many things teachers at homework club help you with and that is Helping you get your projects done in time, helping you study for a test/quiz, and helping you finish your homework early. We can achieve this goal of establishing homework clubs in schools, but we need help from student to make this goal happen. Homework club would be boring and not helpful if we didn't have some amazing teachers at school volunteering for homework club. 