In my opinion it is a good idea for students to commit to a career at a young age. If you're committed to anything you will always want to achieve that certain goal. Having a career you are committed to at a young age has many positive outcomes. One of the outcomes is you can find a career much faster. Another positive outcome is having a goal that you want to achieve. The final positive outcome is having more time in high school to do other activities. Having a certain career you want to achieve at a young age will make you improve on lots of things. You will find a career much faster if you're committed to one specific career at a young age. If you are focused on that certain career you will be doing things that you need to achieve to have that certain career you have been planning at a young age. For example when you are committed to that one certain career you will be taking specific classes. Finally, when you sign up for that career or try out for that career you will most likely get accepted since you will have experience. Having experience on a career will help you so much when applying for a career. People will most likely see that you have experience and want to hire you. That is why it is better having a career you are committed to at a young age. If you have a goal you want to achieve at a young age you will do anything to achieve that goal you since you're committed to achieve that goal. It is also just like being committed to a certain career at a young age. For example in order to achieve a goal you will need to do anything it takes to achieve it. As in a career you need to study as much as you can of the career and take classes that will help you achieve the career you are interested in. If you have a goal you will most likely achieve the goal if you try and never give up. If you give up on the goal you will not succeed. Just like in a career you are committed to at a young age. If you give up on the career you will most likely need to find another career and learn new things and start all over. That is why you should have a career already planned at a young age, so you won't give up later on and need to start all over. You will have more time in high school to do more activities if you are committed to a certain career at a young age. For example in high school there are many sports, clubs, and other after school activities you can do or tryout for. If you already have a certain career in mind since you were little and young you can have more time to do sports and other activities that can also help achieve that certain career you are interested in. Also, it is good having more time to do other things instead of still not knowing what career you want and having to speak to counselors, teachers, and searching up careers you are interested in doing. If you already planned your career when you were young you won't have to worry about having to look for a career and having to stress out. Some students stress out if they don't have a career in mind and not knowing what career they want to do. Having more time to yourself and not needing to worry about finding careers is much better than looking for careers and needing to take new classes to have that certain career that you are just planning to have. That is why it is better to be committed to a career at a young age. Overall having a career to be committed to at a young age is better than not having any career planned out for the future. You will get the career quicker than usual. You will have an achievement you will want to accomplish. Furthermore, you will have a better schedule to do and focus on other things. This will improve lots of your characteristics and improve you as a person. It will show you how committed you are and how you can get anything done. When you get the career you've been committed to since you were young you will be proud of yourself since you have been committed and focus on that career like all your life.  