Should school have to add one and half hours to each day? I disagree because student have to do stuff after school like some student have practice for sports and more. Another reasons why I disagree is because student might not like school, and it can get boring. Something else why I disagree is because parents might want you after school for something and if you come from school late them can't do what your parents are telling u want to do. Some reasons why I disagree is because you might have to do thing after school. Something are you might have sports practice for a team or for clubs. Another reason why is because some students have family things to do out of school, and it would be for a long time. Some student would have doctor appoints and that is very important. Another reasons why I disagree is because student will get bored in school. Some student can start to get mad try to leave the school and get in trouble and the student can get in a fight. Something else is that student can fall asleep and not pay attention to the teachers, and they can get trouble as well as the student can stay even longer. Something is that they would not be able to learn if they fall asleep. Last reasons why I disagree is because parents might need their child after school for something. There parents might need them to help clean them clean their house. If they need to tell them something important. Another reason why is because there parents might need help to buy food for their house. Some parents might not like that because they would not be able to see there child for a long time. That why I disagree because school is just for certain time it not all day. Some student will get bored and not want to come school again. They might have thing to do after school like sports and practices or other thing. Some student parent might need help from there child and would want to see them more time not for a little while. That why I disagree that we should not have added and half hours to each day.  