Self-esteem comes from achievement. My reason for saying this is because you shouldn't be getting praised for a low assignment that they did; then they are not going to grow. My other reason was that teachers are here to help students improve and if the student know they didn't have the best they could've and get praised for it; then they're going to think that they don't have to do that much and will have a low self-esteem. To elaborate more on my first reason for why I say self-esteem comes from achievement is because if you do excellent on a paper and are positively sure you did amaze than you should be getting praised. That shows how much a student can have a high self-esteem for themselves. Even though, the paper probably wasn't easy that person didn't get lazy. They wanted to do better which means that they want to grow and improve not just stay where they are. I am going to explain my second reason for why self-esteem comes from achievement. This is all about the students and how they improve. Therefore, if a student knows they could've done better on an assignment and get praised for the lazy work that did then they are going out think that they don't need to do that much work anymore. Although, as the teacher; they shouldn't be praising students on lazy work. They should pull them aside and say" hey this was good, but it wasn't you best work; I know you can do better". My counterclaim is teachers shouldn't let students get away with lazy work. I say this because sometimes some students might think that the teachers don't pay attention to them, or they don't care about their work. Even though, if the student approaches the teacher with a problem then the teacher will remember you and know to check up on you when it comes to your work. In conclusion, true self-esteem does not come from praise on an effortless assignment. If you praise students on a low assignment then that's the level they are going to stay at because they got praised to be lazy. Which means that the teacher leaves the student not wanting to improve and expand on their writing skills. Sincerely, Generic_Name