Some businesses and schools around the world have adopted a four-day of work week to conserve resources and energy. Although some say that my school should not adopt a four-day of school week and should not extend two hours of school day to conserve resources and energy because we don't use our resources and energy in vain, actually my school should adopt a four-day school week and extend two school hours to conserve resources and energy because we will have a better environment, and we will administrate energy. Those who believe that my school should not adopt a four-day of school week and should not extend two hours of school day to conserve resources and energy have their reasons. One of the most disputed reason is that, our school does not use it resources and energy in vain, because we use energy and resources to facilitate our studies and to have better opportunities to learn. And they also say that if we have a four-day school week won't make any change. However, my school should adopt a four-day school week and extend two hours of school day because we will have a better environment. According to an article written in my county says that, "The use of resources in my school has increased by 70%. Even more, it says that because the over abuse of resources in our school the amount of trees cutter has enhance around our county and it's harming our environment." That is giving a bad reputation to our school and county because our school does not recycle and reused our resources. Also, my school should adopt a four-day school week and extend two hours because we will administrate energy. The using of computers, smart boards, and all kinds of technological devices in our school have increased, do to the extraordinary amount of students our school possess. Our school has the biggest amount of students in all the county. So, do to the amount of students in our school the use of computers has increased. According to a save energy a website, "80% of schools energy is used in computers and other technical divides." By having a four-day school week and extending two hours of school day will limit the use of computers, and it will make our school better. Many people have said that my school should not adopt a four-day of school week and should not extend two hours of school day to conserve resources and energy because we don't use our resources and energy in vain. But as you can see adopting a four-day school week and extend two school hours to conserve resources and energy will be benefit to our school and to our society. Wouldn't you agree with that? What if that was happening at your house? Wouldn't you put a limit to the use of energy at your house to make your bills go down? Think about it!!