I say that we shouldn't have more hours of school, because it will just make us be more stressed b working. We will early have free time to o what t do but more time in school will make us tired and weak we will need more food. It will cost the school more food and it will cost more money and light to was ton teaching. Kids won't learn because they are going to say why did they put more school time and that's all they are going to say the whole time. It will make it all more busy for the teachers they will get mad and say how they can't do that many hours they got kids they got thing to take care of. The school will need to was't more money on food and election bill just for one more hour of education and kids won't even learn alone because they will be to busy complaining and say that they want to go home. The school board will just wasn't money for no reason. School is doing good already so do not mess it up by an hour of school. The teacher will work more time, so they will get paid more. So if u do put one more hour of school if a kid needs to stay after would they stay another hour of school that would mean that the teacher would get a bigger pay check and that would be alone of students, so teachers would have to stay for cuds to so that would be longer and by the time its done it will be dark. The school will need more volunteers because they don't want to pay teachers more already because they already do because they have another hour of school left, so they will have to beg the teachers to counter to stay. School will need to think of more thing to do in the school to fill up the hour. We will not want to go to school. We will be so tired and to know that we have another hour of school I would be done for the day. I would not feel like going to school every day because I would be more tired. It will give me less free time to us because we got sleep earlier because we are tired. We will get mad because we don't get free time alone and that would affect our school day. Kids will feel that school is too much work and might tell there parents and the parents might tell the school to lower it down. The school will get complains form parents that there kid is stressing too much so that would be bad and school will have to cancel the one hour. That's why I think it is a bad idea to put one more hour of school all the people will disagree I would to because it will just make me stressed out and give less free time. I think school should leave the hours alone since they don't have to deal with the work and tired less they don't have to think twice. I think it is dumb to add an hour more because it can mess up every thing. If every thing is doing good then it should stay like that if we need to change it we should all chose if we want a to have one more hour or not. We are the important voters so why leave us out of it. We are the ones who get tried, so one more hour and 30 minutes is not good for are bodies worse if you have after school or a club. The money that you had to use for the extra time could go to better things like new computers for us. Or it could help for better lunches or better gym equipment or music things and make the school better by painting it or something. Instead of was'ting it on one hour of paying teachers. I would like to have free time not strewing out about doing work and being done and having little free time. That's why I think it would be better if we did not get one hour of school and just be the same.