Do you agree with Churchill's statement about the important role that failure plays in the pursuit of success? Should I agree that when someone fails and if they continue doing what they were doing they will success later on? I'm agree because when you make mistakes you'll learn from it, and next time when you do it you will be better than what have you done in the past. If you are a failure and if you keep trying then I'm proud of you because that's the mean that you're in the good path and that you'll active your goals soon. My reasons are nobody is perfect and no one will be perfect ever, my second reason is even famous people have fail, and now they're in the top, and my third reason is there are some people who like to accomplish their dreams by working hard and never letting other people stop them. To start with nobody is perfect, is because we all can make mistakes and also because it is okay to make mistakes, no one had died because they fail doing something like work from school or stuff from work. So it is like when you go to other country, and you have to try new things like their language, their food. Their traditions and all the stuff that their country have and I know that sometimes to feel like you'll never be like them, you'll never understand what they are saying, but it is false because I am an immigrant, I came to the United States when I was 14 years old not knowing any English, with only one person by my side that was my mom, and leaving everything behind. For one moment I think that I was never going to get used to this country, that I was never going to understand English and that I was never going to be enough to this country, but now I can say that I can speak English I can written in English and that all the people (brothers, and sister)that I left behind I still love and that someday I will return, and I will tell them everything. To continue with famous people had failed in their past, and I'm saying this is people I know that to be where they are now they have done a lot of work, and they've done a lot of sacrifices too like leaving their family behind because they did no support them or maybe because they didn't like that profession, friends because some of them are fake or maybe because they want to help them to progress, maybe schools need to be more focus about they work like writing songs or even focusing more in their dance, works because you need to choose the one that you like more, and I can tell that it did not stop them, they keep fighting to be better each day to give all the best about them to have a mentality about progress. I've seen a lot of famous videos about people that I like and I've cried because some of their stories are really sad, and I know what they were feeling that time. You can follow famous people and I admire them because they have fail millions of time, and they've never stop doing what they love to do. To final lice with that if you are one of those persons who like to accomplished dreams then you should never give up because that's what looser (mediocre) people do, they give up when they see that something is hard or maybe because they are shy about them how they look like if they are pretty or no or maybe because they don't like their work because the people is mean or their manage is aggressive in the term how he express, so they decide to quit. We always tried to put the best and to be the best of us even when you know that you can fail, that there are other people that are good too, but you tried, and you put effort on it so if you fail you'll know that you win because to do it, and you finished it. You never can think that you are a failure if you didn't win, you can see that you are good in some other things where other people is no good. You will always have options you can choose if you want to try hard or if you don't. To conclude I am strongly agreed that failure plays in the pursuit of success because nobody is perfect and if someone wants to be perfect then they'll need a lot of work, we also know that even famous people have fail so if they have fail we should fail too because then we will see what we had done wrong, and we can fix it, and also even when it means that you need to leave that people that you love behind. Furthermore, even though sometimes it takes a little too long to notified how much we have success and because we don't see that, we're mad with our lives, we think that if we don't have a good position at our work is because were not good enough, but it is not truth because they are some people that doesn't have work or some others supplies and were complaining about our position at work. It is not fair to have that kind of mind because we all should be happy with what we have and with what we can effort. Furthermore, been a failure doesn't mean that you don't know how to do something or that you can not win. Been a failure means that for more that you fail the better you get and the more capacity you'll have later.  