I think an enjoyable educational activity for me is Gym. Because gym is the most fun class I have this year these are some examples of why I like gym. The first reason why I like gym is that during the warm-up we are allowed to talk to our friends while we are walking. Also, another reason why is when we finish doing our warm-up we get to play games or do fun activities. The last reason why is we could also go outside to do games or activities when it is nice outside. The first reason why I enjoy the beginning of gym is because you can walk around the gym and talk to your friends. And not have to wait to talk till lunch to talk all you want. But the main reason why I like that part of gym is because I love to talk even though at sometimes I got nothing to talk about. Another reason why is that I love hanging out with my friends or to hear about their problems. Talking helps you feel much better and lonely so I think that talking is fun and important at the same time. Then the other reason why I like gym is that we get to play fun games or activities sometimes. Because I like getting distracted from stuff with something fun like a game or activities. The fun games could help someone feel relaxed and forget about something that might be worrying them. Another reason why I like that is because l think it is much more fun than having to be in health, Doing the pacer or doing push-ups. But other people do enjoy those stuff, but I highly dislike doing those things. But the games could help you get some exercise and keep you having fun the gym class instead of being bored and exercising last and final reason why I like gym is because sometimes we go outside when the weather is nice to do activities or other stuff like that. I like going outside because I like it when it is nice and warm out to be doing exercise. It is also nice to be out there and be racing or playing soccer and maybe football. But it is also big outside to be holding all the gym classes together, and the teachers could teach together. And you could also do much more outside even though some people don't like going outside I think it is much better because there is much more space and more fresh air.