One topic that is frequently debate today is'' four-day school week.'' Some people think is better for students, so they can have three days free to do their homework and have a par time job. I believe that students don't need four-day school and extend the school day two hours, because some students can't work after school or do our homework, students can't have time for our families in afternoon. And students can't have three days off and after come, and they will not remember what they learn last class. One reason why is students can't work after school or do their homework because students will come tire after ten hours on school. Student will come late, and they will come just to have dinner and sleep. Students will come so late that they will not be able to do their homework on time do to no time for them. Students need five day to do what they normally do they will have time for homework, have dinner, and sleep well every day. And the next they can come ready to learn more and enjoy the school hours. Another reason why is that students will not have time for their families. Students having ten hours in the school come tires, and they don't want to talk not event with their families. Some students come straight to the bed and their families don't have time to talk to them or give advice. Some families have the tradition to go out like five or six at clock, but students will not be able to go out with families and friends. That's why students need the normal days to study they have a routine that they follow. The final reason why is that students can't take three days off and after come they will not remember what they learn last class. Some teachers choose that Monday is a perfect day to start with a test or quiz students will not remember what they learn after three days without study. Sometimes students are learning a topic really important, and they understand but when they come after three days off they will not remember anything. If students have three days off they will work these days and when they come back to school after three days of they will not be able to remember everything they will forget. Students need the five days to study how suppose to be. As you have read four-day school is not good idea because students will not have time to study do their homework and enjoy with their families. If students have four days school, ten hours at day students will be tired, and they will not hear the same routine that they use to have. Only when students have the normal school days they will have time to learn more and focus more. And have the best time as possible with family. 