Have you ever thought of people who use technology has limited their communication to others? Nowadays people who use technology are consistent spending their time on electronic device. Technology has a negative impact on human lives due to their daily routine. The first reason is people's communication skills will decrease over time. Spending a lot of time on technology without communicating with others, will affect your communication skills. Therefore, talking to someone who you haven't talked with for a while can be awkward. This shows that understanding between two people might have consequence and will be not accurate than it should be. The second reason, people who use electronic device are unlikely aware of the surroundings. For example, people who are walking in street using headset or earbuds on that cover their ears is a bad choice. This shows a sign of danger, because you won't be hearing anything. People who are aware of surrounding are more safe to cross a street and communicate with people who are passing by. This shows a negative effect of people who block their airing has higher chance to get into an accident. Some people say that technology helps them communicate by commenting on a website which is true, but that is not important because the person will be not always active and able to comment back on time, whenever they are on. If you are communicated in person you can read the person's mood. You can get a faster respond than waiting for the person to comment back. In this way is more accurate and able to trust each other more by communicating in person that you have meet or have not meet before. The final reason is library is more accurate than reading books online. For example like reading online recommendation is not always accurate because of the people's preference. You can ask the librarian for recommendation and librarian also assist you whenever you need help. You can read on your device, but it is limited because of the battery. Unlike books, have no battery which means it doesn't have any limit. This shows reading on books is a better than reading on a device. In conclusion technology had a negative effect on people lives. People should be aware that around them and spend their time in their technology on a necessary way. There should be a limit of how much time you are using on technology. Is better to communicate in person and don't wear anything that cover your ears while talking to someone. This affect our daily lives, so limit the time you use in technology.