Being ourselves in a world strongly influenced, manipulated,and corrupted by people. Make a big difference in our lives. This also make us to know who we are. Because we should not change our personality, our cultures, and how we were educated. Although being like other people make us to socialize easily. Nevertheless, we should not change our personalities. Because our personality is what help us to become our dreams in reality. For example there is a case of two guys who were twins one of them was nice all the time, and the other rude because he was influenced by his friends all the time having even a weird personality, that nobody liked. They attended to the same school their last year in high school, the one who was rude had many problems and one of those problems took him to death, however, his brother who was upset by his death, never stopped being a nice guy and having a great personality, he graduated from high school and attended to one of the best universities in the United States. Additionally having a real personality without any change help us to be more honest with ourselves. I remember last year in my math class my teacher told us to check our assignment by ourselves. In the honor system and I only got six of the ten questions right which was a sixty percent I told her the true, and after she checked she gave points extra, she said that I deserved for being honest. In fact our personality games us an attitude and help us to be honest with ourselves. Another important reasons for which we should keep being ourselves is because we should not lose our culture. Because our culture makes us special and different to the rest. For example there is a story of a girl who moved from Colombia to Canada where she always practiced her culture even made a club with her traditions that Colombian people in Canada visited, so she became famous really fast and made a lot of money. Additionally, it is important to keep our culture in anywhere because the culture is an important legacy that children adapt from their parents. One amazing example of this is Leonel Messy a great soccer player, from Argentina, who has been living in Spain for a long time. However, he is still practicing his culture and does not change his accent thanks to his family which made him to beloved by all Latin America. Therefore, keeping practice our cultures will make our families, and others to be proud of also it is important to be ourselves, to show how we were educated. Due to our education is what define by itself how we threaten other people. For example on the newspaper was written a story of a guy who taught a long time ago English to his students in a particular way giving them candies when they participated, he never changed his method and all his students got good scores always. Actually our education is most the most need in our life. For example my uncle graduated from high school and ten years after that. He attended to college and the university where he studied languages now he has a family a perfect life, but he never stopped being the nice man he was and still being today.in conclusion, we must continue to be ourselves in anywhere, anytime to have a real and nice personality. That will open doors to become our dreams true. Also, to keep our culture alive for the next generations. Making our families proud of ourselves. Finally, it is important to be ourselves because it shows the way we were educated. Because a good education brings a good life. Therefore, being ourselves bring so many good things to our life, that we should not change by the influence of other people.  