I'm agree with the individuality. I like when the people take whatever they want for yours life is so cool. Furthermore, I have too much friend, and they do the think another peoples do. Furthermore, I mean I like to do what i'm said and what I like I don't now. My family is so negative when they said sometime and I don't like because I want said sometime but they don't want wisent. So i'm individuality because I want wisent to me and do the think I want. I know too much people depends of other and that's no good. The history class said too much about that because in the past the people are not individuality. I think the people want more attention that why depend of other people. The life now is to different of after because now the people you depend what said other person about whom i'm look or what he said about me an all these think. I like who I am because i'm a nice and all good thinks so I do whatever i what because i Ike who is the people and i don't care what they said about me. Yo ya nose Que describer solo sign POR Que puts no see me Gustav y is super UN polo mas de singles no par aria de describer. So LES VOY a contra sober mi Vida ya Que no tango NI la minor idea de lo Que tango Que describer NI NASA.coming league de Puerto Rico have 2 ants y DESE Que league aqua mi Vida cam bio del to-do.commence a valor CADA cost Que often POR Que hora see el valor y el sacrifice de la Vida para qualifier cost. Solo see Que appear de to-do sign queried superable y menorah mochas costs de mi.no see me have tan facial puts el idiom y leis costumes no son para NASA rules. Pero aqua sign y require POR Que crew en mi y see Que CADA did Que me prolong also lo comply. No BS NASA facial candy legal y cones personas de outros sugars lacunas may Buena y okras no tango. Me grade demasiado render costs Cuevas y Nevis sugars solo hay RNA cost Que me enjoy yes Que appear de no SER RNA persona undocumented y puts nostrils Los puertorriquenos some part de estates UNIDO y solo POR el echo de Que maestro primer idiom sea en Español mochas personas nos tartan Como indocumentados.Levi 2 ants Los cu ales no a side NASA facial ya Que la Estela a side UNO de MIS mayors obstacles puts BS bast ante complicate entrap an un salon y sent Que Estes complement solo.puts POR el echo de no power regular o communicate con alien no NASA solo the Queens hay Vienna Como to-dos Queen y TU no. Unos Moses disputes de Que league de Puerto Rico commence a satire de la Estela y racer leis costs MAL ya Que no Tania apollo de Nadia all NI en mi Casey. Hoy en did saint Que no debt star aqua POR Que solo saint Que no BS mi Lugar la Utica razor POR la Que aqua estoy BS POR me mama POR Que fewer Que see super y power Dale to-do lo Que March. Ya Que candy la necessitates hay escudo appear de Como era la Vida en Puerto Rico sempre Erato de darns lo major.