It is important to accomplish something in the future because it will help you find your dream job, It is one of your top hobbies, and it will guide you to your strength. To begin, you need to accomplish something you are struggling with in order to find your dream job. One thing you can accomplish is something that is school related. In fact, when I was in 4th grade disliked art class even when my sister said it was fun and easy I would just refuse everything that is related to art. In 5th grade as a student I was required to take art class and I thought that it would boring to be in an art class. In the middle of 5th grade I actually changed my mind about art class, sooner or later I found out that art class was something that I wanted to finish. Ever since 5th grade my mood for art class grew to be one of my Vikings. As an 8th grader now I am still taking art class, and it is actually really enjoyable to be in art. Secondly, it will help you find your hobby and your needs. Another thing you can do to accomplish something like English class or even just school in general is trying your best. Even when you think you can just skip it, you will somehow come back to it. In fact, when I was in 6th grade my grades were A's and C's one class however was an F, that class was English class. I didn't do my homework for English class and rejected help from the English teacher. In the beginning of 7th grade that same subject was getting harder and my grade for English decreased. At the middle of marking period 3 I decided that I had to do the classwork, so I can create a new habit of trying to do work. I soon found out when I was trying to complete my missing work there was one assignment that caught my eye, That assignment was a book report that was supposed to be written. I tried the book report, and soon I realized that I loved writing. Lastly, completing something that is a challenge for you will help you find your strength in a certain subject and finding your strength will help you graduate. In fact, when I accomplished art class in 5th grade I found out that art was one of my strengths that was I only needed to try. I also found out that writing was something that could help me graduate and get me to my find one of my two careers. Art class helped me learn that I am actually really creative and helped me figure out that art was something that relieved my stress when it comes to school. English class helped me figure out that writing was one of my strengths, and it will help me figure out my main career. In conclusion, if you accomplish something like your challenges it would encourage you to find your dream job, Help you find one of your hobbies, and will support you to graduate.