Many people agree that having a positive attitude is the key to success in life because it makes you stronger. Positive attitude make you see things different. And also people with positive attitude live a better life. Positive attitude is something that we all should have because is something necessary to achieve your goals. It also helps you improve as a person. Positive attitude make feel stronger. When you fail, but you have a positive attitude you try on till you achieve your goals. Sometimes students are failing their classes, but they have positive attitude to work harder they end up passing their classes. Also, with positive attitude people are mentally stronger because even when they fail they know how to overcome in that situation. Positive attitude make you see things different. Many people say that having a positive attitude is a good way to solve your problems. People are able to recognize their mistakes, so they don't make some mistakes in the future. I had a bad grade in one of my classes because that class was very hard, but I always have a positive attitude and I start paying more attention in class, I start working harder, and my grade went up and now I have a good grade. People with positive attitude live a better life. People are not stressed even if they are passing a bad moment in their work. Having a positive attitude make you healthier because you are not always mad and that is very important for your health. In my house we all have positive attitude and that is the key to be happy and success in life. And finally in the conclusion many people agree that having a positive attitude is the key to success in life because it makes you stronger. Positive attitude make you see things different. And also people with positive attitude live a better live. These are some reasons why people agree that positive attitude is the key to success. In the other side we have the people that disagree that a positive attitude is the key to success in life because sometimes is not necessary to have a positive attitude to success. And also having a positive attitude does not guarantee you that you will be successful. But many people agree that having a positive attitude is the key to success because if you don't do positive things you will not receive positive things. 