Should School Extend Two More Hours To The Normal Schedule? One topic that is frequently debated is whether school should extend the day schedule or keep a normal schedule as they have it already. Some people think that school should not expend two more hours to our normal schedule. They feel that if we spend two more hours at school, it will be boring and tired. In my opinion, school should extend two more hours to our schedule for many reasons: I can spend more time to learn in classes, spend more time with friends, and work one more day during the week. Once, I was pretty nervous about my Earth Science SOL test, I did not know what to do to pass it because I never passed any quiz or test that we did during the school year, and I felt worried because I did not understand some topics, and I only had one week to learn everything, so I decided to stay every day after school to practice with my teacher and by myself at home, after a couple of days of practicing I realized that I had learned what I needed to learn, and I felt ready to take my SOL and finally, I passed it. Now I know that spending more time in classes helps us to understand what we do not understand yet, learn more about the topics that we are practicing in class, and get ready for any test that we have during the semester. Sadly, I am a Senior, and this is my last year in High School, and that means that maybe, I will not see some friends and teachers again, so I am trying to enjoy every day in the school expending time with friends and teachers whether during lunch or during classes, and I think that spending at least 25 more minutes with them in every class will help us to know more about each other, and to make more experiences to remember after we graduate from High School. As some students, I do not have a permanent job or an everyday job as some people call it, I work for a moving and storage company, and that means that I can only work Saturdays and sometimes Sundays because I come to school, and they ask me to be ready in the company at 7:00 am when I am going to work, but having a free day school during the week would benefit me because I would be able to work one more day during the week, and earn extra money to buy something that I might need. As you have read, I agree about extend the school day two more hours. Only when we realize that spending more time at school would help us to learn easier, make a lot of experiences with friends and teachers, and gives us a free day school to work, to do homework, to spend time with family, or do some chores at home, the world will be a better place with students that understand what they need to understand about their classes, and people who take advantage of at least one day free per week.