Dear School board, I think that school should not be extended. Students need to have a long break at home because they might have after school clubs to attend to. I think students should not have extended school because they are not going to pay attention to the teacher they need to rest their brains for a long time since you are in school for 7 hours. Another reason why I think students should not have extra time at school is because kids have to wake up early, and they are tired so they won't pay attention since they don't get enough sleep. The other reason why I think school should not be extended is because the students most of them do not pay attention, so typically the teacher is wasting her time trying to teach them. Also, why I think they should not extend school is because if the day is longer they are going to need more breaks during the day, and it takes a little long to go back in the building. On the other hand I think they should have an extended school because they will know their subjects faster and that will make the school year faster. Another reason why I think they should extend school is because the students are really bored at home, and they wish to learn instead of being home board. The last reason why think school should be extended is that kids might not pay attention during the day so with the extra hour they might want to pay attention, and they will learn a little. The last reason why I think school should be extended is because the students do things outside of home that are not good for them like doing challenges, steeling or getting into fights outside of school which can cause them injuries. The other reason I think they should extend school is that students would or will have a better education so that when they are grownups they will find a job that pays you more than the others. These are the reasons why I think students should and should not have school extended I think they should extend school for a better education and I think they should not extend school because it is way too long