I agree with this prompt that positive attitude is the key to success because, with positive attitude it gets a person where they want to be in life. However, with negative attitude you will never get anywhere at all, it will make a person lose confident, also would make you give up right there on the spot which means you gave up you a quitter. Then soon turn into a awful habit that can't be stopped. Attitude is very important, and the way you use it can really affect the success that you're trying to reach and to others, It's also very easy to just lose it all in less than a heart beat. I believe positive attire is the key to success because it motivates a person to do good or better, spreads positivity to others who really need it, and makes you learn from your mistake because no one is perfect. How can positive attitude motivate you to do good? Well ya see when you're having that energy that makes you believe you can do anything, or that anything is possible that's motivation for you to keep trying and embracing that positively well make a person stand out. By doing that it makes a person feel good about themself and motivates us to keeping that same energy. This is why it's important just by your attitude can have a huge impact on your success and how you use it is very important. By motivating your self, and others themselves will be motivated which is a perfect thing. It's like your helping others out one of the first things to do to become successful, to help each other out and having a lot of patients is all in that positive attire. This plays many key roles in the real world and will make a huge difference as well. An example, walking in for an interview being positive at all costs and respectful shows signs that your interested therefore you would have a possibility of getting hired and can go from there you will be a very successful person. I know everyone is successful in their own ways, but there are limits and attitude plays a huge role in that. Spreading positively to others is another important topic because these people might not be doing so well, but you can always help change that for a person. By boosting their confident to make them happy comes from positive attire because in life, there's no time to be playing games there's very little time to accomplish your success before it's over and soon to be regretted. Also in encouraging others will make you extremely happy that right there will get you somewhere in the future, and it will be good. Most jobs in this lifestyle today sometimes go based of skills etc. But Mostly look into a great positive attitude, there are a lot of benefits to this in reality being skillful and useful. When something doesn't go as planned, keep trying to bring that positive attitude forward never give up it's not too late to change. Taking a test and having it being extremely hard when given negative attire you will fail and face the consequences but doing the opposite you would be much more relaxed, and will boost that confident up into keep trying because life is full of mistakes you have to push and keep trying now that's what being successful is almost about. Albert ENSTIB did he give up? No right? And look at where he's at he became one of the most successful person ever same with Bill Gates and Mark Zurkrbuirg when you keep going you will see the results so keep pushing and one day I guarantee you will be a great role model or even better. Just remember always keep that positive attire and keep trying think about the good and not bad, and you will have the key to success. Learning from your mistakes is another key attire to have, people have to understand that when you learn it's OK to fail and get back up from it that's why you learn from them for a reason. Having positive attitude in life helps you grow as person to understand, and in the long run it will be important. When doing so, you will just keep growing, and having good support from yourself or others. Think about businesses to be in a business it's all about that positive attire and character that's what makes you learn from your mistakes and to keep growing. In a business there's a lot of ups and down's with negative attire it will only make it worst but when you're in the right state of mind there are choices to make that you might not like, but it is part of life, in a business you need to support one another. In conclusion having a positive attitude is the key success in life, without it how will you know what you've accomplished along the way. There are many ways to have a key to success, but the most important one is having positive attitude. And this will benefit your life even more, attitude is energy and showing off the wrong kind of energy will be consequences and will not get anyone anywhere in life. This is very important for each another it's not very hard to be positive you just have to be in the right state of mind. This shows how much attitude can really change things it shows how important this is. I believe positive attire is the key to success because it motivates a person to do good or better, spreads positivity to others who really need it, and makes you learn from your mistake because no one is perfect.  