To begin with, it is good idea for students to finish high school in three years and enter college or the work force one year early?. In point of view, it is good idea because when students finish their high school in three years, they also can work, and save money to enter college. So it's good for students graduate in three years and obtain their diploma, and start to apply in some college. Also, students can find better jobs with their diploma. First, it is good idea for students graduate and obtain their diploma because some students need the diploma to enter college. For example, my friend Generic_Name needed her diploma and start to apply in summer to enter at the Hampton University. Furthermore, students whose want to achieve their diploma in three years, they have to work hard. But some students wants to achieve their goals without make any kind of effort. Second, students can find better jobs with their diploma because if you don't have any diploma you cannot work in a professional job where people pay more. For example, my sister Generic_Name have to work after she graduate from high school, but she needs a good job to save money to enter one year later at college and pay her first semester. Instead, some students have to work because they don't have any type of help from their families. If students have to work is because they want to enter college. Third, some students cannot finish their high because they have to work for maintaining themselves. For example, my cousin Generic_Name cannot finish his studies because he has to work at 3:00 pm to 10:00 pm, so he doesn't have time to his assignments of high school. Some students can't graduate not because they don't want to, because they have to pay bills from their homes. Also, they don't have a better job to pay their studies from college and it's harder to them to obtain the diploma from high school. In conclusion, it is good idea for students finish their high school in three years and enter to college. So it's good for students graduate in three years and obtain their diploma. So students can find better jobs with their diploma and pay their studies from college. But, students can't graduate not because they don't want to, because they have to work and pay bills from their homes. Also, when students have a positive main they can achieve whether they want, it doesn't matter the situation that you live you can finish your high school and enter college if you work hard. 