People may not agree, but we do pick our own character trait. There are other people who when it gets to having their own character traits they can't, therefore they get influence by others. Yes, we probably were influenced by other, but we didn't use all their character traits. There's lots of people who try to be others, but it always does not work out. If you want to pop out like the others the best chance is you being your true self. To begin with, we've been creating our own character traits since birth. We all learned how to speak, and walk differently. Your first word were most likely "Dada", or "mama". You kept watching shows that kept you entertain, or was it the games that made it entertaining that kept you going. How'd you learn how to walk, were you thought by your parents, or did you learn by yourself. It was either your parents were walking you, or you stood up and took your first steps. In addition, you never stay young, you're always growing, our parents always wish we wouldn't grow. But it's part of life, now you're in the stage where time gets hard. Being a teen is mixed emotions, as like mentally, and physically. Time gets rough, you're struggling in school, or at home. You're having problems with friends, or family members. Being a teen is never a struggle nor negativity. You're learning what you need to improve and what you don't, you're helping yourself out. Guide yourself and continue making new character traits. Finally, you see everything different, there's more responsibility, more weight to your shudders. you're an adult, getting ready to pay bills and more. you've come a long way, you've been through ups and down. You've learned so much, use your knowledge, and continue to expand it. Do what's best for you and not for others. Use your character traits that you've learned and explore what's in front of you. You are who you are, you choose how you live, how you move, and how life will be. Yes there are struggles in life, but it doesn't mean stop and don't expand. Have your character traits to help you, to guide you. Yet we're in a new year when people try to be other people, people try to be who they aren't. It's better to be yourself, than being fake to yourself. All these character traits that you've made, you worked, you used. It defines who you are and what you can do in life.  