It is true that keeping teenagers out of trouble is important for many reasons. If regulations that require teenagers to be off the streets after 10 pm are adopted then they will help teenagers academically, socially, medically and economically. The first reasons that proves that these curfews will help teenagers and keep them out of trouble is that if teenagers are not allowed to be on the streets in the middle of the night, then they will get more sleep and will learn more efficiently when they are school. For example, if a teenager is not allowed to be on the street during the middle of the night, then that individual will get a good night of sleep and will be able to stay awake during classes. Also, if these regulations are adopted, then they will require teenagers to stay at home longer, which will help them because they will have more time to work on their homework and if they do their homework then they will improve their grades. Furthermore, these curfews will help teenagers improve their learning skills and will also help them rest more and get their grades up. The second reason that shows why these curfews must be adopted is the one that will allow teenagers to socialize better. For example, if teenagers are in the streets in the middle of the night, then people will not want to be close to them because they might think that they are bad people and that they are probably involved in gangs, so they will be scared of them. Many people will agree that it is better if teenagers stay at their houses during night hours because if they stay at their homes doing good things, then they will make more friend, socialize and communicate better with people because no one will be afraid of them and no one will think that they are involved in some criminal group. So, if teenagers keep themselves out of the street during the night, then they will be able to make friends, communicate better and basically socialize in a better way in which no one will try to avoid them. The third reason that proves that these curfews must be adopted is the medical reason. If teenagers are in the streets during the night, then they have the possibility of getting in fight and ending up with injuries. For example if a teenager is out during late night hours, then others might think that he or she is there because he's a bad person, and then they might get into a fight in which someone could get hurt and end up in the hospital. These curfews will prevent teenagers from getting into fights and from having to go to the hospital when they can just stay at home and be safe. The last reason that will keep teenagers out of trouble and will help them is the economic reason. For example, if a teenager wants to be out in the middle of the night, then that individual can find himself or herself a job that will allow him or her to work during night hours, keep him or her out of the streets and help him or her economically. Economically means that the person will be working, earning money and also staying out of his or her house during late night hours. Teenagers can improve themselves economically if they spend their time working instead of spending it in the street doing things that will not help them in any way. Finally, by working and improving their economy teenagers will be able to save some money for their own future and have money available for emergencies that can occur throughout their lives. Furthermore, it is better that these curfews are adopted for the security of teenagers. Also, because these regulations will help teens improve themselves economically by keeping them out of the streets and motivating them to find a job if they want to be out of their house during late night hours, they will also help them socially because people will not be avoiding them if they are not seen in the street, medically because they will prevent them from getting into fights and having to go to the hospital and finally academically because teenagers will not be wasting time on the streets, and they will have more time to do their homework and improve their grades at school. 