Sometimes when you are not doing anything or just do not do something physical, some good or great things could happen surrounding you and the world. My first idea that makes inactivity a "self work" in progress. Meaning letting people around help you instead of you doing everything yourself. A movie called "Christopher Robin" shows that as a child, Christopher did things before, but he had imaginary animals helping him. The purpose of the movie, is to give the audience the understanding of what it means to be always doing something, always occupy yourself with the simplest things that you do not really have to do. And adding pressure on yourself. Then letting others help you, can create good things surrounding you, and you can have good thoughts. Because when you are stressed you are worried about how things will be in the future. Having people help you can still have great success that can be accomplished. The example or message in this movie shows when Christopher is an adult and he preoccupy himself a lot, the more problems are caused with his life. He almost lost his wife and daughter because he was always occupied doing his business job. Later when he realizes he was on the wrong track, his friend, pooh was telling him he is not the same as himself before. He told himself the only way he'll be less stressed and worried is to become the child inside him and bloom once more. Letting your inside child out, he needs to find himself doing absolutely nothing, no stress, and just spend time with the life he has been given and his family. After doing that, he was more gifted than before, like this idea he had for how to make his business better but had never presented because he was always doing somethingLike the thesis was talking about not doing something physical could lead to some good or great things, Christopher found himself at the end. He is happy and relaxed with what he accomplished when he let go and did nothing. Now he realizes the result of doing nothing and how different it would have been if he kept on occupying himself in things he should not be worried about rather than enjoying what he has to thank for. So the key is that if Christopher Robin can accomplish great or good things by doing nothing rather than doing something, then that means everybody else can learn as well the understanding to find success and move ahead.