I agree with Ralph Waldo's quote" To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. In today's society everyone wants to be part of the wave to whatever is popular. People always go the extra mile to impress other people even if they have to change their style or the way they act. It's hard to be yourself in today's society so those who can do it have accomplished something great. Being yourself is better because then you'll find your real friends. Students in Middle School and High School for whatever reason want to be cool. They think doing drugs, breaking rules and being disrespectful to others is cool. When they get home they're a different person. They're respectful, follow all the rules and don't do drugs because that's the way they are raised, They're being themselves. That shows the impact of what people consider being cool is. Some students are at the wrong spot at the wrong time and start hanging out with the wrong group of people to be cool. This is important because they could be offered drugs or be offered to skip class. The students would say yes because they want to be cool knowing very well never to do it. This shows what could happen to a student who are trying to be cool. When they know to stay in school and never do drugs because that won't help your education it would only slow it down. For example one of my friends was skipping school and doing lots of things he wasn't supposed to be doing. He thought he was cool and told everyone. I guess you could say he got cool from it but in the long run he suffered. This is important because while him trying to be cool he ended up getting bad grades and getting kicked out of school. The school gave him one more chance and made him go to the career center where students who fail usually go. This shows what could happen when you try to be cool. Being yourself is the best thing you can accomplish because you wouldn't worry about most things other students wear or say. You would go further in life being yourself and becoming something you want to become. If your don't want to become a doctor and want to be a car mechanic then that what you do. Being yourself would make you more happy than trying to fit in. 