Summer vacation is for enjoyment. Every student is waiting for it. Students need long break to make his/her mind better. In vacation many students go for a trip with family or with friends. In school days students are waiting for vacation but when they have vacation they miss there school friends. Students need break for 4 to 5 weeks to enjoy there vacation. Some educators students feel that the summer break is too long, and they think when they return to school they cannot catch up easily. They said we have a holiday in year-round means only 1 times in a year. It should be only for 3 to 4 weeks as long as a winter break. I did not agree with the educators students because students have also there life. The need to enjoy it make a fun, and they also have dreams for their life. Educators students cannot decide others' life. If they need short break then they after 3 to 4 weeks they start study at home and feel like they are doing their school works. Educators did not like long break because in school they always study and at home also. Long break for educators student is like a death. Educators student cannot enjoy their vacation properly because they away think about there study. I think in vacations all students cannot think about the study. They need to enjoy their vacation. Educators students also have their life, and they need to enjoy it properly had a fun, spend time with family or friends. Go for a long trip and refresh there mind. After all that they can start from beginning for their study. They get better ideas for study. They study properly without tension. I suggest educators students and normal students go together because educators students also have an idea how to enjoy it make it fun and where they want to go. In summer vacation students may go beach, park, sunshine point and enjoy it. In summer vacation students may enjoy ever single movement because it can be their memories. After then, they finish there schools they can miss THT Eva single movement that they had a lot of fun on it. They miss their fiends whom they enjoy. They miss there school. But after their schools they cannot meet their friends easily because all friends may go somewhere else for their study and for their best future. So conclusion is every student enjoy the break. Do a lot of fun with friends.  