Technology application of science in Indus-try or commerce. The methods and materials thus used technology. I agree that technology has negative effects on people's lives. Technology is hurtful for all the people. For reason person learn how to get dope for the technology. Examples they used the internet to know how to get the dope from, and dope is being come unfavorable for a person. Like the person come be so wired to anyone because he doesn't know what he's doing. He become an incorrigible person with anyone try to stop him. The people don't have to go to another one house. They just use the phone to call them and ask if they don't good. Because of the technology we don't have to see each other. They think it's enough to talk in the phone or call each other video call. Before the technology everyone used to go see their family at home. Also, they can go to the store and buy everything they want. After the technology they order everything online. When you play a game you don't talk to the other person that play with you. I think technology let you become an unfavorable person. Reason we use technology for anything. Example you don't have to go to the bank to pay your credit bill you can sit and home and do it. You don't have to hold you debit card with you guess why because you can open it on your phone. Technology makes everything silly. Also, you can pay your house bill when you sit at home. Technology has a positive effects too. For reason, I can call my friends in Generic_City with my phone. I don't have to write a litter for them and send it to Generic_City. If someone sick, and you don't have time to go visit her just call her, and ask if she's feel better at that time. Technology also can help you to make a new friend for any country. Technology is positive because when I came to the USA I didn't speak English at the time. So when I went to school it was so hard for me to understand what are the people talking about. One teacher used Google Translate to try to speak to me. That was nice of her she's tried to help me to understand what's going on in the class. She told me to watch TV in English to try to learn how to speak, But to was hard for me because when I came to the USA I was too old; and I was already speak one laughed. I know that I took a long time to learn English but finally now I know how to speak English also I can understand my teachers when they ask me about my homework.  