Technology is very important in the human community because if You’re writing it down on Your phone, and you can just put reminder when you will have to do something important like go on a picnic or go out with the family, have a business trip. In the society people just want to find something fast and easy they don't want to look up a word on a book it takes to long, and they can just look it up on their devices and there done. Its awful that people do communicate to each other any more It's just threw texts and that is horrible it's not professional. And playing games every day or on devices is a bad thing and good in the same time. But I do not agree with that with prompt devices are bad because it's like a drug you don't want to get off You’re phone, laptop you just want to be there on there every day and not doing anything active. You can get sick if your always on your devices just watching the screen for hours so it's bad. When I got my first phone I was always on my phone non-stop just texting watching videos i wouldn't stop all I would want would be all my devices i wouldn't sleep I would go to sleep around four in the morning. Yeah, you can have You’re devices, but you can't get addict to all of that because you're going to fall apart and be mislabeled. And when you are not on your device you're going to feel empty without it you're going to be lost and your going to say to yourself what can I do to be happy again. You can start off not needing any devices because your device it's a want you do not need it in your life it can be important to call family and friends but you don't need it. You can go workout and forget all about your devices i don't need my phone I just want it to text people and listen to music. I find all devices negatively it can change your mind mentally emotionally and physically let say you at home relaxing and your just eating and eating and your on phone not getting up your going to gain weight and for some they can get anxiety or depression because all they know is just do be on their devices not doing anything else. I got anxiety for being on my phone for too long staying up and having no sleep and sleeping is very important for students that have to go to school and do there work yes you can have your phone and do a timer how long you can use it for. So my option devices are bad people have there phones up in their face people have accidents walking and using there devices a car can run them over, or they can run somebody over texting and driving is a big issue you can get a big text and go to jail if you hit somebody with your car.