It has been saying people learn from their mistakes in order to accomplish a goal. Keep those mistakes out make them less likely to build self-esteem. True self-esteem come from achievement because is better point the mistakes in order to success. Point the errors keep student away to avoid do it next time, for example if a junior student is about to take the SAT exam ; he decides to practice math problems. His math teacher decide to check his work, and he thinks praise his work is good because make him feel less worried about the exam, but the truth is making feel better is not helpful because he is not going to get enough knowledge about his problems. I could say he is going to feel much better with a high score in his exam. Lower the possibility to gain knowledge because the student in some point would have to use their knowledge it could be in college, at their job, and home. Like in my sophomore year I had an English teacher who praise most of my work because she thought that would in increase my knowledge, but was the opposite I felt like I was going backward instead of forward. I found praising a student work make them learn less in the way if they have something wrong students would have to look for answer, so that mean if they find what they did wrong is a chance of increase their knowledge because they might find more than just the answer that they are looking for. Student learn for their mistakes it's much better point those mistakes out than hide it forms them. Eventually student that don't show improvement are the ones that the teacher decide hide their errors because it's better clear the doubt. Like a kindergarten student they asked a lot of question to the teacher, and most of the time the teacher correct their work to let them know what did they do wrong to improve their work. It would not make sense that the teacher tell to the all student that they know all the alphabet just to make them feel better, so the students could stop learning and focus on other activities like math, social studies, or even play. Praising is not good as we thought because can make us be okay with our work, and not encourage us to learn. While some may say praise student work could keep the working to make them improve and build self-esteem, actually student learn from their mistakes, and it's better point it out than hide it from them because an error doesn't mean failure meant the student is improving to success. With the success comes the self-esteem.