Solution, learning, and smart are three words that describe why knowledge is more important than creativity. Knowledge is more important than creativity because with knowledge people will do better at school, they will get a job easily, and if there is a problem they will find a solution. Knowledge is more important than creativity because with knowledge people will do better at school. The students will do better on test and quiz. If they get good grade on test and quiz they will have a better GPA. They will get smarter. If they get smarter they will learn faster. They will have good grades. If they have good grades they will get a good job later in their lives. Creativity is less important than knowledge because knowledge will help in life. Knowledge is more important than creativity because people will get a job easily. They will know where to search. If they know where to search they will waste less time. They will make a good impression. If they know a lot about the job they will make a good impression. People will have more chance to get hire. If they already know a lot about the job they want they will have more chance to get hire. Knowledge is more important than creativity because knowledge will help to get a knowledge is more important than creativity because if there is a problem people will find a solution. If there is a problem at work they will find how to fix it. If they find how to fix it they will have a chance to not get fired. When there is a problem with a friend people always fix it. If the problem is fixed everything comes back to normal. If there is a family problem someone will manage to fix it. When everything is fixed everything is going back to normal. Knowledge is more important than creativity because knowledge will help to find solution. Doing better at school, getting a job easily, and finding solution to problems are way that knowledge is more important than creativity. Without knowledge humans will not be able to do anything. Knowledge will always help to get a job, to find solutions, and will help at school.