A lot of people use cell phones In classrooms which I think It's a good Idea. Cellphones are use for emergencies and educational purposes. In my opinion students are sometimes given a lot of work, where they have to find Information on their textbooks, or dictionary that takes almost half of the class. When they can just look it up on their phone and take about 10 to 15 minutes. Another thing is to think about are that students sometimes forget their homework sat home and is worth half of your grade. And by having their phones with them, they can call their parents and asked them to drop up their homework at school. Cellphones should be allowed in classrooms, students would be less stressed about school. They won't have to worry about carrying a heavy textbook, when they can just do their work on their cellphones. Which it means, more work done and less time wasted ongoing page to page looking for the right answers. Now let's talk about having a cell phone In classrooms In case of an emergency. One reason I believed they should allow cellphones In classrooms because In case of a lockdown. If a student sees the person, but the police does not know how he looks like or has no idea where his at. The student can call 911 and give details of the suspect. In addition to my other reason, Students should be allowed to have their cellphone In case of an emergency call. What If something happens at home. For example, A students sibling gets sick and doesn't stop crying until he sees one of his family. So the babysitter calls his parents, but his parents can't do anything because they can't leave work, or they'll get fired. The parents would have to call the student, now the student have to leave school and take care of his sibling. In conclusion, I see no reason why students shouldn't be allowed to use cellphones In classrooms. Schools would be easier and safeties. You may never know what could happen, and a cellphone can be a huge impact. It can save someone's life. So I think students should be allowed to have cellphones In classrooms. Sometimes students read a whole book and they don't understand it, so they stop doing their work. While you can use your phone and find all the things and learn instead of reading a whole book and find most of the things you were looking for but not learning at all. 