Do you are agreed or disagree school cafeteria plans to change to a new, healthier school lunch menu ? The school cafeteria would to make a new plan healthier school lunch menu. Some students from Generic_School don't take their foods or drinks, property to healthy problems. For example: From 99.9% students a 10% of students present allergic problems to some foods, like chicken, milk and main. Also, to the type cooked from this food. Some students want to their food middle well or meddle. The students today they're wants to express, the that their body's need to feet a mayor conformability inside the school, but to sometime the students parents knowing the type of food that their children eating feet them safe with their children. The importance of have a healthy body. Many students don't want to eat more calories that their bad's to need the reason is simple, They thinking that will be people with obesity problems. It's true because from 99.9% students an 8% has obesity problems and a 15% has physiology problems, they feeling fried. Why? Because existence three reasons that's why they want to change menu cafeteria. Example number 1: The foods came with many oil and some students don't like it, the type of foods with bad aspect. Example number 2:They want to foods that will be slowly for their stomach. Example number 3: They need to know, the process of how were cooked the food. The focus from the students in their classroom. The good nutrition is the basis to a very good focus to dependent in the shape, in that our food is made and the most important the menu, all students said we are bored with the same menu. We want to something new. Are 4 school year's into. We ate because, we don't have the opportunity to express and to change the menu. Our mood dependent in how our body felt and that dependent, how they cooked?, what process has our food? Those were the questions and the options from 40% of students. We want to something slow to digest, some students don't like it Jeff their body need to happy. To that they can focus in their class. They want to legumes, potatoes, and salad. The school cafeteria would to make a new plan healthier school lunch menu. Because some students don't take food or drink, properly to healthy problems, for example: From 99.9% of students a 10% of students, present allergic problems to some foods, like chicken, milk, and main. The type cooked from this food. Nevertheless, students parents want to know the type of food their children eating to that them feet safe with their children. Also, to the importance of have a healthy body. Many students don't want to eat more calories that their body needs. The reason is that from 99.9% of students an 8% of has obesity problems and a 15% has physiology problems, they feeling fried. Why? Because the food came with many oil and some students don't like it foods with bad aspect, they want to food that will be slowly for their stomach, they need to know, the process of how the food, where were been cooked. However, the good nutrition is the basis to a very good focus to dependent in the shape, in that our food was made.