Does true self-esteem come from praises or does it come from achievement? It's come from earning achievement, There's only so much praises can do if they aren't earning anything. Therefore, the harder they work, the more they achieve. Their self-esteem will keep rising, and then they start believing in themselves more.Also, others believe that praises for deficient work undermines learning by lowering standards. I agree with there opinion, I believe that there should be goals to reach, and you must try your hardest to achieve. Theirs always the chance of failing but that just means to keep pushing, to fix the mistakes. And when you finally achieve your goal it makes you feel so much better about yourself. Also, that builds you up for harder task.Therefore, some believe that the source of true self-esteem is achievement. Which I believe in too, feeling better about yourself works more when you have earned something. Also, it can be anything but as long you give it your all, and achieve what is meant to be achieved. Your self-esteem is going to be built up knowing that you achieve something. Next I don't believe in just praising someone no matter how good the job was works like that. Because you keep praising that they could do so much better on, it's just going to make the feel like they already got the job done, when they can do so much better. Praise their work when they tired there hardest, so then they can keep trying there hardest to achieve goals no matter what. That's how I believe that praising should be done and how to build self-esteem to make whoever try to best on anything, to not give just half but to give there all.Finally, does true self-esteem come from praise or does it come from achievement? It's come from earning achievement, so they know they give it everything they had to earn that achievement. Praises work when you praise there the best work, so they can keep on trying there best on everything. It's taking them believing in themselves, so they can earn achievement to build their self-esteem.  