In some societies, student are expected to identify a career by the time they enter high school. Their courses of study in high school are selected to guide them toward a specific career. They want to make sure you have the classes you need in order to achieve your career. The career that you will be giving to the consumer will be emotional. After the graduation you will easily take the classes that you wanted. Firstly, I think it is good idea to identify your career before entering to high school. When you're submitting your application to the high school, they will look at the classes that you need to graduate. If you plan your career from a young age, you will achieve your career very strong and easily. In order to have a successful life you need a good career. The plan which you Will be thinking, or taking will show a how organize you are. Secondly, Try to talk with someone who have experiences in these types of problems. When you talk to someone they will be giving you some advises to help you during your high school time. For example: When you want to take the classes you need to take, or you have to take, but they give you useless classes you do not need for graduation. If you want to go to a law school, then you need to take social study, or government but when you do not commit your plan of career they will give some useless classes like Photography, Independent living and Art which you do not need for law school. Thirdly, It is very important to have a good education in this day and age. You do not need to waste time of your life in classes you do not need. We have to try our best to be organized. You have to think about your future, and consciousness that will be coming to you. There are multiple ways to began your career, solve problems, and finally achieve your career. In conclusion, you need to have an idea or a career about what do you want to be in the future. You need to commit or tell your teacher about what do you need in order to graduate from high school. We need to put effort to achieve something that can make us happy and our family. Try our best to solve any problems we have in a good way or talk to someone. 