In my personal opinion when some schools offer distance learning as an option for student to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing I mostly disagree. It's not because I am attending a public high school. There are reasons why I mostly disagree about this situation. One of the reasons why I disagree is because this might hurt the students' communication skills. When you have classes online you are not at the school you are home taking this class, so you basically don't associate with anyone except your teacher now since I have never taken an online class I wouldn't be able to tell if it's better to not know no one or to associate with anyone but personally I just don't thing it's good for students to attend online school if you are someone that like to work with people and not just your teacher. Other students also might be able to understand some stuff that you don't understand and that they should be able to help you. They won't be able to help you if you not there with them. The second reason why I disagree, and I really don't think that online schools is not beneficial is that it hurts your participation skills too. Here in school we do so many activities connected to things we are learning, and it helps very much because if you do activities connected to the things we are learning it gets stuck in your mind. It's also better to ask questions and to understand better. There might be some stuff that you didn't understand face to face with your teacher it's better to ask them like that and understand like that instead of emailing them or contacting them through different thing.Also, the teacher might not respond as soon as possible and that might be a problem and affect your grade and that's why it's better to talk to your teacher face to face and deal with understanding face to face that's my second opinion. My last and final reason is that you might get lazy and miss classes since you take it at your home. That might affect your grade too which is very risky if you're not a productive and committed person to your education online class is not for you. For example me personally it will not be good for me because I am a very lazy person I am pretty sure Will miss classes either by sleeping in or some other unelectable reasons. But also there are people that are very organized and careful people out here that can risk this for this kind of people online classes are good, and they can take it because thy are committed to Finnish there education in a very careful way. Those are my good reason why I don't agree with online classes it's a good thing that schools offer distance learning as an option for students if you have a good reason why you don't actually go to the school but personally i don't agree with this situation.  