The majority of the students take about four years to graduate and go to the college, but also there are students who decide to finish the high school in three years or as soon as possible. The question is, why are they trying to finish the high school earlier that the other ones?. A few people decide to finish the high school because they have other kind of goals to accomplish like travel or enlist to the Army etc. In some situations this people aren't able to take electives courses like, Graphic Design, Culinary arts, Earth space, Mathematics, Health AP or Driving class. Whatever of these ones or others ones they can't enjoy them. In other situations these students take nigh school or summers school or both. In my personal opinion take nigh school is exhausted because when you leave the school to have about one hour to get ready and go to the other school to take your course. In other way, there are students who do not have support by their parents to finish the high school, and that is why they decide to finish early to have more time and find a job to support themselves. Even if they have a half-time job, is not enough. Enlist to the Army is a good idea for some people especially for high school students, they have a conversation with their parents to have the probation to do three years in the high school and get a career into the Army. Some guys also want to finish early because they want to go to the college in other country or because they want to travel and have an extravagant life, these are the most common situations of why students decide to graduate during three years, but is better that dropped the school in the last year if they have the normal school (four years). I think that this programs that the district offer is good for those who have the potential to do it and finish the high school as soon as possible, and they need to know the probability to do not have or be able to have elective courses or Generic_School. I know about some guy who decided to take this program offered by the schools districts. He told me that is hard because while he was in the school he also studied for the exams of nigh school, and he had courses really bored and after that, he took summers school all of this on his freshman year, I think that the only need to be constant interest and keep a good grade to success. In my opinion take the traditional four year is better because you can enjoy of many things like the clubs in the school, community service or even participate in a sport team in the school like soccer, football, tennis or basketball. these thing are what make a school awesome. In the traditional four year, you can pick electives courses that you really like it and do not make you bored. Also in the traditional four year you can talk to your consular to have Generic_School. But when you take the three years you can not enjoy about you favorite things. Take the tree year since my point of view is bad but could be great for other ones who has different things to accomplish, I don't have rush to finish early, and that is why I think about the three years and the traditional schedule for the four years.  