Have you ever do something bad in your life, and your friends influence you to do it ? Well everybody has two types of friend one with good behavior and the other with bad behavior. But the teenagers of this time never think in consequences when they are following bad examples. So I believe that a good example by your own behavior is the best way to influence other people because people learn things by examples, or if you get together with somebody who is not a good influence for you believe or not you are going to learn what he does. People is always around you, they are always looking what you do, and they are criticizing your actions. My first reason is because good behavior is the best way to influence people because if you are a smart person, educated, and happy you are going to be an example for other people, and they might say that they want to be like you. Many teenagers have ruin their life for following bad influences. People can say that we are old enough to know what is good or wrong, but we never think from what is coming. The world is full of bad person and some people would ask their self, why there's too many bad people in this world? The answer is because people are influencing others to do bad stuffs. If human wants a better world for their kids they have to be good influences, good examples to the new generation that is coming. In my own experience I have seen friends and relatives that has ruin their life for getting together with people that is a bad influence for them. Is really sad when you see somebody that is in jail or dead for following bad examples by having bad friends. When you are following a bad example that person never is going to tell you what are the consequences. As you can see babies when they are in the age of learning new things they do what their parents do or what they teach them to do. Adults and teenagers are a little different because not all the time we do what people tell us to do, but we always end up learning something of that person. People is always criticizing so if you don't want to that happen be a good example. Being a good influence people would trust in you, but being the opposite of that nobody would trust in you. And when we realize is too late because the people you appreciate are separating from you for been a bad influence for others or maybe for them. My grandma always said, " what you crop, you would sow." For me those phrases mean a lot because being a good example or having a good behavior will take you to succeed in life, and is not just that there are many ways to succeed in life too. For these reasons I believe that a good example is the best way to influence others so the people that is learning or looking what you do can learn good things about you and by that was can trust in you. Also, you will feel proud of yourself that you are influencing others in a right way. If you want a better world be a good example for others and don't lose your time in influencing others in a bad way.