Churchill's statement is important to American lives. Currently, people who fail always gets back up to keep on reaching for the goal they want to achieve. However, when people fail, they think they should give up and stop trying. It's important to discuss these different sides. Churchill's statement is important for not giving up or quitting. The first reason why we should never give up is that we learn from our mistakes. When you fail at something you have to understand that it's not the end of the world. If you don't get something right, or you mess up on it, you'll know to get it right next time. It's always important to recognize that you can reach for your goals to be successful. When you fight for what you believe in, you'll never go wrong. The second reason why you should never give up is that you want to reach you're top goals. When you want something, you have to fight for it. People who fail or didn't do something right, they give up and say that they have wasted their time, But in life, we can't always win or do something right. We are bound to fail at some point in our lives, and it doesn't feel good. However, we keep on pushing for it because we want to be successful and feel great about ourselves to know that we didn't give up. On the other side, when people give up, they have fail. People who think they have what it takes to be able to get a job, being able to go to a good school, or pursuit their dreams without mistakes, is someone who's going to give up the moment they've fail. The people who got great jobs or got into a good school, worked hard for it. Even when things went bad, they didn't give up because they work hard for that purpose. Some people who fail, often say that they're not smart or not that good. If your not that smart, how are you here today? When you struggle on something, you have to understand that the people around you are the people that can help you with deal with your problems. Friends and families are the people who can help you in your time of need. Finally, whenever you have a goal or something you want to have, it's important to never give up or quit halfway through. A goal is something you want to have and by working hard, you know you'll be able to reach it in no time. Whenever you get stuck or something goes wrong, you always have support from the people you know very well to help you. By not giving up on what you're trying to reach, you can be able to feel confident about yourself and be able to be confident through life.  