Cellphone has already taken place of your calendar don't let him take place of your family. Some people think cell phones should be allowed in school, but other says it is just destruction. Cell phones shouldn't be allowed in school because it is destruction, increase cheating, and less use of dictionary. Firstly, cell phone is destruction. For example the one person I know was always on her phone. Moreover, as her phone vibrate she just open the phone and start checking messages. As result, she was not distracting herself but also class and teacher. Later on due to this habit she couldn't pass SOL. Because phone was destruction for her. Last year one of my friend didn't uses much phone in the first quarter she got perfect grade. Furthermore, in second quarter she's starting using cell phones more. Moreover, in school she does all her work in rush so that she could have more time for cell phones. As a result her grade starting getting worst she ended up felling her both SOL. In her first quarter she has six A and one B but in fourth quarter she has five A, one B, and one D.Furthermore, one of person couldn't pass SOL and grades also go awful. Secondly, cell phones is not only destruction but also increases cheating. For example one of my friend whenever give test she takes picture and send question to other student. The teacher make same test for both classes. Furthermore, she can help them by giving them answers in test but in SOL she couldn't help them. As a result they will end up might be felling SOL.Moreover, one of person was giving a final exam in school she was also texting one of her friend all the answers and the answers she didn't know she was also using Google for them. Most of the question was about vocabulary she was just searching vocabulary and writing on final exam. Cell phones are not only increasing cheating but also student thinks they are helping others which is wrong. The both person was doing wrong one of them was sending question to her friends other was searching from Google. Thirdly, cell phones is destruction, moreover increase cheating furthermore there is less use of dictionary. For example one of my friend prefer searching from phone rather than using dictionary. The main reason for using cellphones instead of dictionary was because from dictionary you have to find a word it takes more time than cell phones. Furthermore, in cell phones you just have to type a word and cell phones will give you meaning, and synonyms. Moreover, one of my friend always uses phone for searching a word meaning she never uses paper dictionary but in SOL they didn't allow you to use phone. As a result she struggles using paper dictionary. People want easy way to do things that is why they use cell phones instead of using dictionary. In conclusion, some people think cell phones are helpful in education, but other thinks it is destruction. Cell phones are not helpful in education because it is destruction for students, increase cheating, and less use of dictionary. Students are keep checking on their phone. Cell phones are also increasing cheating student text test question to each other also can search from Google. Cell phones are also taking away people paper dictionary from student, student really struggle when they go for testing and cell phones are not allowed. Cell phones are like drugs to youth they are getting addictive to it.  