Did you know that participating in after school activities or clubs benefits students educational wise? Weather it's joining a sports team, or theater art, or even practicing an instrument, they all educate you in a way. There are many activities that aren't just educational, but students will also find enjoyable, such as sports, art and music. There are many types of sports, football, basketball, soccer and many more to choose from. Sports teaches you a lot about health, and why it's important to stay healthy. It also helps you stay fit and in shape. Playing sports can also give you a scholarship for collage, but all that a side it's also fun and enjoyable. You get to hang with your friends, compete with other schools and teams, carry the schools name, and most importantly win trophies and receive rewards. At some schools, they even let you go on field trips to other states to fields and courts to compete with other teams. It's nice to have so many people come and support you and cheer you on at games, even when it gets competitive. Drawing, painting, doodling or crafting are all ways of art. Some students have a hard time expressing their feelings, so they do it through art. They express their feelings and emotions through the colors and the designs and subliminal messages they hide in their paintings. Art clubs get to go to art museums and art gallery's that inspire and improve their talent. They even get to do art competitions and win prices and art gallery's of their own to hang on the walls around the school. Painting or Drawing your mood is one way to enjoy yourself and become more passionate for the talent you have. Art is very deep, interesting and meaningful, yet many people don't really understand art that much. It's fun to experiment with colors and textures, for art has no limit. Many students join bands and music clubs simply because they enjoy playing or singing. There are many types of instruments to choose from, like band and string, but they are very different. Bands do not include string instruments, nor do string instruments include band. Singing is also one of the ways students like to have fun and enjoy themselves, as well as playing there favorite instrument. Music is also art and a talent that not most people really have. Students get to go to opera's concerts and very famous theaters to meet very famous musicians. They also get to preform on stages and before every school game, they also get to compete in music competitions were they get to earn and receive valuable rewards. They also get to upgrade their instruments every year to the finest quality. In conclusion, There are many activities that aren't just educational, but also very enjoyable, like sports, art and music. Learning should not be all serious, strict and stressful, but should be fun, enjoyable and lovable. Education is important, but loving to learn is more important to sussed. These activities and clubs teaches students something new every day and helps in developing the brain skills. Education is fun, but sometimes it's good to be serious, or strict in some situations.  