If you could go anywhere in the where in the world where would you go? If I was ever given the chance to visit anywhere in the world, I would choose to go visit Europe. Ever since I was a little girl I have dreamed about going to Europe and exploring it. All the articles and social media posts I have seen or read about this place make it seem as though it is the greatest place on Earth. If I ever get the opportunity to visit any place on Earth I would decently choose Europe. I would love to experience their culture and try new things while there. I would also go sightseeing and exploring every second I could. The first thing I would do in Europe is try out European food. I would go to a small town or city and ask the locals where their favorite place to eat is and what it is that they like to order there. After eating, I would go around the town I was in and talk to the locals about what it's like to live in a place like Europe. Another thing I would like to do while there is try out their fashion. I would go to different designers and ask them about the difference in the fashion from Europe to the one in the United States is. Lastly, since it is a special trip I would treat myself to a shopping spree. The most important thing I would be doing while there, is going sightseeing to famous places. Firstly, I would go visit the notorious Mona Lisa I have been dying to see in real life. Secondly, I would go on a walk to visit the Eiffel Tower. While there I will take cute pictures to post on social media for memories. Lastly, I would visit a bunch of art museums and look at paintings sculptures for hours on end. In conclusion, If you could visit any place in the world I would visit Europe. Everything about this place is astonishing, and I would one day like to enjoy that myself. Coming from a small city named Covington, it would be a huge change in scenery for me. I would love to experience their culture and try new things there while visiting. I would also like to go sightseeing and exploring every second I have a chance. Going to Europe will always be number one on my bucket list, so hopefully one day I can cross it off.