Generic_Name moved from military academy to a public school when he was 14, he was a serious person, and he was really respectful. Four years later, I met him at a restaurant, and he was a whole new person, he dressed different and his personality was different, Generic_Name's influences in public schools changed him. People's character traits are formed by influences beyond our control because the environment that we live in takes a huge part on how we are, who we are, and how we act, and because of people like our parents that have guided us and influenced us throughout our whole lives, and while some people say that a person is able to chews who they are or control their character traits, the majority of the people in society live by other people's influences. The environment that a person lives in takes a huge part on someone's character because; their culture, their religion, and the people they surround themselves with, always have an impact on someone's traits; for example, a private Christian school student might not have the character traits as a public school student because the environments are way different. In conclusion people's traits are controlled by influxes beyond our control because people is always getting influenced on the daily regardless of what environment they're in. People like our parents are responsible for most of the character traits we have since they have been with us our whole life. They guide us every day, and they teach us what is right and what is wrong. Most of the kids in this world look up to their parents or use them as a role model, and that controls a huge part of our character traits. In conclusion our traits are formed by influences out of our control because our parents, who have been with us our whole life impact us every day with the lessons. Some people say that a person is able to control their character traits or choose who they are, because they are alone, and they probably don't like talking to people or learning from people so; therefore they don't get influenced by anyone, so they start forming their character, and they start being who they are base on only what they do. Most of the people in this world are influenced by the outside since most people go to work every day, go to school every day, and talk to people every day, that are always getting something out of someone, it could be an advice or a lesson. I don't think many people are able to control their character traits on these days with social media, and things like that going on. In conclusion our character traits are controlled by influences we can't control because the environment with live in always has an impact on us, the people we surround ourselves with have an impact on us and society in general has an impact on us. Moving forward I think it would be good for people to keep being influenced by the outside because we will get to know how everything works, and no matter who we are influenced by there will always be someone that will tell is if it's right or wrong.