Students should have the right to elect their classes that they want to take in school, because it's all about in how capable the students are or how much the students can learn if they have the chance to elect their classes. It's hard for some students to learn a class that it have been given to him/her. Some students are born with special skills, they can handle many things at the time but not all the teenagers and the kids have the same ability. People should think more about just giving students classes without consulting with them about what their class are going to be. Some student might not have the skills that are needed to take the class that it has been given, or the student might struggle with the class that it has received, because they didn't have the chance to tell their teachers or parents what they were capable of. However, students should be allowed to elect a class they feel more comfortable of in their school, and all the schools should be aware of letting students pick the classes or activities that they want to do, or they want to learn more about, because It has been proved by scientists and experts, that the ninety-five percent of the majority of the students who elect their classes have become successful in their education path because, students have developed different types of skills that are based in a career that they want to do in their future, that it became easy for them to manage after all the experience they have gotten, after choosing something they liked while being in school. The majority of students do not consider music or drama classes important for their education, it's something that you are inspired by to do. Music, art, and drama these classes can be a distraction for students not to focus on their school work, and it might affect their education status. Most of the students from the age of ten years and up are still developing their brains, and they can get easily distracted. Most of the parents in the. S they won't let their kids watch TV for more than thirty minutes, because they can create a habit, and they will spend more of their time watching TV, playing video games and more. In addition, for those students who are forced to take art or drama classes etc., these choices can lead teenagers or kids to fall into a level of depression, for not having the chance pick something they like to do in school. Parents and school teachers should let students know that they can also practice any sport in school, this method would keep students exercise and healthy. Overall, students should have the last word of what they want to learn in school and parents should be aware of that. In my life experience, I have become successful in the things that I have done while being in school, because my parents always told to pick something that I would like from school, and I choose to practice sports and after choosing something that I considered good for me and my future, I received a scholarship for soccer. All this happened after my parents gave me the opportunity to decided what it was good for me and my future. I completely disagree with the people believing that students should be required to take music, drama, and art classes, because all of this might take all the good opportunities away from your child, and it will become a distraction for them.