Do you think students would benefit from being able to attend class from home?. I think that some students in our country can benefit from able to attend classes from home, but I would do not agree because, the student can be more benefit to attend classes in school. For example, the students can practice deports that they like, the student can not feel bored in classroom, and the students can take elective class, or academy. However, some students would do not like choose the offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes home by away of online or video conferencing. Just the student do not have other option to take credit for graduate. First, the students can practice deports in the school because, the most students love practice deports and the school give then this opportunity. It is a passion to make what are you like. For example, when I'm feeling sad these the form how I can distract me, entertaining and I are feeling good because, I can share with other people my passion for soccer. The practice deports can help most students to not consume drugs, or participate in gang. The young need a different world where they can have more opportunity to realize the dreams. Second, the students can not feel bored in classrooms. All students like to feeling motivate, happy, and entertaining. They do not like to be all day in one computer, or landlocked in home, so these the reason that the students like to going school because, they can share with their friends and know new people. For example, when I confused, or need help with my homework I can ask my teacher, or my partner. We can travel to know the university, teacher, and Muse. We can learn about our history. Finally, the students can choose elective classes, or academy. One of the reason that the students want to take elective class is because, they can to know what are their like. All schools in our country have elective classes, or academy about: kitchen, piano, cosmetology, art, fitness, medical assistant, dentist, band, police, detective, electrician, and medical emergency. These class can teach us to find what do you want to study in your future. Only in school you have this great opportunity for know how you can to take a credit in a bank, or how you can, they help for your university, how you can applicable for a beta and choose with university do you want will going to study your career. For example, in my schools they help to know what a want to study, and they help to take a credit for my university. In conclusion, some students do not like to choose the offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes home by away of online or video conferencing because, the most students like practice deports in schools, the students can not feel bored in classes, and the students have the opportunity to choose elective classes, or academy. However, some students do not have the opportunity to going a school because, they do not have family, others have to work, and they do not have time or car to going a night school, and do not have other option for graduated that accept the offer to attend classes from home by away of online or video conferencing. 