To begin, what are your thoughts on first impressions through peoples point of view? When two people interact with one another the impression is not always dependable because People are probably not themselves, People opinion change, People never have the same intellectual connection. For example Generic_Name went to the movies with his girlfriend Generic_Name, his mom Generic_Name, and his sister Generic_Name. Generic_Name tells Generic_Name to invite her boyfriend Generic_Name. Generic_Name interaction with Generic_Name was unpleasant, based on what Generic_Name saw there was a different perspective from one another. Days later at night the family reunites and the perspective change from what Generic_Name thought at first and what she thinks now. Secondly, periodically all around the world people are not themselves when we first interact with them. There is always a fifty-fifty chance that people, will get to meet their real personality. Why? First because they are starting to get to know new people. Second they have no idea what to expect from people. Third, some people do above and beyond to impress. Now in days many people try to make a good impression to belong to a certain group. Sometimes they are so use to doing it that they don't even recognize that is not their true self. Society has a huge impact on how people have to impress one another that it make others be afraid to show who we truly are. However, peoples opinion change from time to time. Visualize that we are going to the store just to buy one item. We end up buying more than one item what does that mean ? It means that are mind changes to what we want it to change to. We might set up a scenario in are minds to have very high expectations to those surrounding us, when we are self don't have that confidence. For example Generic_Name was mad at Generic_Name for not going to the bank with her. So Generic_Name said that they would no longer be friends. The next day she texts her and said what time am I picking you up. There was a change of opinion from night to morning. Lastly, people never have the same intellectual connection. When you first meet someone, and we are aware we want to make a connection, we try to have some conversation to talk about. For example when people have a right there connection is because they are interested and the same things as one another. When two people don't have the same to things to talk about others might think this person is not interesting enough. People would make comments like no, your not qualify to join this group, or anything that involves having to impress another person. In conclusion, first impression aren't usually trustworthy because People are not themselves, People opinion change, and People never have the same Intellectual connection. Peoples thoughts will change eventually no mater if they had a good impression at first. First impressions never count because we never know who might be fooling us for a job, friendship, or to be a partner. Society now in days have to look out more to make sure everything is in order. That's why we have people who do research and look back to records, that's why jobs and people have a process of doing things.  