There are so many ways of influences people and I think the main one is to set an example by your own character. I agree with Philosopher, physician, and humanitarian Albert Schweitzer saying that "Is setting a good example by your own behavior the best way to influence other people." For instance, most people look up to others to better them self by using their action or behavior. First and Foremost, you're having a better behavior help others reflect on you to better their self. Mostly, student or colleagues look up to pass student who had accomplished something good and make them determined, so they can also achieve something by taking hard classes to pass. Due to the pass student behavior on their education who set an impact on others telling them they can do it. Is kind of having them as their motivator. I look up to people behavior and tell myself I can be more than that person due to his behavior. Most of them, encourage me to be who I want to be and to achieve my goal. Secondly, it leads them in the right path, and it depends on their action. Your action towards your behavior matters, It depends on how you act towards a good behavior. If your action are good towards a good behavior it leads to the right path. Emulating someone's behavior or action can help you be in the right path. Most of the time we look up to people who have or had been who we want to be and then pick their footsteps by learning from their good behavior. For example, looking at LeBron James, famous basketball player, looking at his games played can help you to be motivated and lead you to the right path of your goal. Looking up to a famous person and following his footsteps emulating his behavior set a good example to others. In Conclusion, setting a good behavior or example kind of influence people, so they can be on the right path and kind of know to set up a good behavior for someone else to follow. I take the stand and agree with Philosopher saying ''Is setting a good example by your own behavior the best way to influence other people."