To conserve energy and resources, some businesses have adopted a four-day work week, with each day coasting of ten hours. L feel is better conserve energy because help your resources and has a good business. But the same time is better because have more opportunity, with the money you help your family and others people with the person that no has money or houses. Firstly. For the people is difficult working four day in the week because no accustomed a job strong. Sometime person he is like a job strong and pay good, and to buy more money for that her children study and has better life and good future and can have a carrier. Some people do easy working every day and working ten hours, Many people no has a good life, but they struggle for that her sons has food, clothing and other things although even working large for give better, some parents' no has energy for working more and the children have that has a job for helped. Secondly. Some parents' no has more energy for working. Some sons are bad with her parents because, when they are young abandoned and no help and her parents leave lonely. Many teenagers grind that parents no can give good things or no can buy clothing the mark or shoes Nike. They only want to give one opportunity for that have a good future and a job better. Thirdly. Some people working strong for give better an children. But no all time is good to pleasure an teenager some young help and her parents but others, no and no are grateful that, How struggle parents for that they have better and can study, and one day to be better person and good son. We stay in the school and complaining because come to school, and own parents that working everyday though day that they no can more and no have energy, but they so follow present in her work. In conclusion. I believe that many parents want the better for her sons a lot of time that people no appreciate her effort that do the parents many teenagers in day now lacking the respect. When they are old man they to be tired and is more difficult working and more so is jobbed strong. Also, they're working for having a good business, and for they are more difficult that her bodies adopted a job that working every day and does ten hours all day. Considering a good son and help at your parents.  