Education change our life and teach you to think differently. Some people rush trying to graduate from school or reach their goals ahead of time which it is not good. Because they end up taking the wrong decision and I do understand that as student you just think to finish school and graduate to became professional. The idea of finish high school in three years instead four, it will force students to choose the wrong career because they will not have enough time to get ready for college, and they are still immature at that age.First, students who are trying to finish their high school in three years instead four they don't have enough time to prepare for college. They will not have build their knowledge to be successful in college. High School is means to prepare and help students to get ready for college, but spending less time in the school they would not have enough time to learn or cover all the subject in class. In addition, they will not develop their skills and be successful in college or their future. Some people might think the is a good an idea to finish high school in three years because they can enter in college early and start to work, but they might not be ready for college. Forthermore, students at that EGE still immature that they don't really know what they want to do with their life or if they want to go college. In addition, some kids might be even think drop off school and don't continue in college because school require time, persevere, dedication and concentration which a lot of the students don't have when they are immature. Many teenagers of this kids do not APY much attention in school because they are district in others things like hang out with their friends and playing sport that they do not even think much in school. For this reason, they need to spend four years in school instead tree, so they can learn to be responsible. Some parents and students high think that it not necessary spent four years at school when they can finish in tree but if they are immature and irresponsible they are not going to be successful in their future. Finally, students who want to finish their school in three years instead four, they don't know what career to chose or if they want to continue in college. Furthermore, they are still immature to decide what to do with their education that they end up closing a wrong career. For this reasons are necessary to finish school with four years instead tree, so they know what to do after school, and they can be successful in their future.