Have you ever wonder what are the benefits of working with someone older than you? There is a program that make you work with some older than you but how are you and the other person benefiting from this program. These is how the program can help you and the other person by: Learning how to cooperate with other people, practicing social skills and how rely on each other. One thing you and your partner can learn is how to cooperate with one another. There are people that do not like to work with other people and maybe one of those person is your partner. When you are working with someone else you have to cooperate because working together is essential for a good team. Without communication between you and your teammate, nothing will really work because you have to be able to express your ideas and understand your partners point of view, you have to work together, so it can be a successful team, so you will have to cooperate if you want it to work. Social skills are very important, and you can learn or practiced them with you partner. People like to talk and know how to start a conversation with other people, but there are people that are really shy. People that are shy struggles with staring conversations or making their ideas clear. If you are a shy person, and you are on the program, try to practice your social skills with your partner because I think that they are going to understand your situation, and they will not judge you by that, so you should not feel uncomfortable. You can try to practice social skills or even learn new ways to start a conversation and be less shy. How to rely on other people is important. When you are with someone else, and you do not understand something, you should ask them because they are there to assist you and help them when they do not understand something too. There is a limit on relying on other people because you should try to solve your problem but if you could not solve it, it is the perfect moment to ask your partner, otherwise, you will be a person that have a problem, and it will be asking its partner all the time even if you could have solved it by yourself. There are limits for things, you should try because if you never try you are not going to be able to learn anything. In conclusion, been with someone older than you can be helpful because they have a lot of knowledge and are able to understand other people situation. What can both learn from this program is how to work to together, new ways to make new friends, or practice social skills and rely on someone to help you but not all the time because you should try first.