I think that all schools should offer video or online conferencing as well as online education from the school. Students should be able to be comfortable from where ever they are, and learn in a manner that they are comfortable with. There maybe different reasons where students may not come to school. However, if they do miss school students can have the ability to turn in work and learn about what they missed. This would be good and better for teachers because students would have no excuse of them not turning in there work late or at all. Students may miss school for all types of reasons, for example students can miss school for an urgent reason or a family situation. Some families don't have enough resources to live off a good life, so, some students can't make it for school and have to work to support their families. In some cases families younger siblings that they have to take care of, but the family can't afford to stay home and have to work. In that case families make students stay home to baby sit a little brother or sister. Students miss the education they need, and that's a good reason why they should have online based learning. Having said that students may also be very sick and may not be able to come to school. Students may also have various injuries that can be hard for them to move in certain areas, therefore they stay home and miss school. Students could be in the hospital, and may not return to school for a long period of time, it could also be hard for them to transition back and catch up with his or her school work. Some students may be taking care of a sick relative and my not be able to make it to school. Online base learning would be very helpful to those students that are injured or sick. Students also tend to leave the country, and go back to their countries. Families make arrangements to visit their home countries in the middle of the school year. In some cases families don't come back for long periods of time. Students tend to miss a lot of school work and education in the time they are gone. Online based learning would come in handy in this situation. Students could have fun where they are, and not miss a single assignment or a day they are learning something new. Online based learning is the best solution to students missing school. It would be a great opportunity for students to get back on track and finished what they started. I would recommend online based learning because I think of the families that are in deep need by the students that come to school in helping their families. I also think of the people that are sick, and that need rest at home. This program would help a lot of students get the education they need without worrying they won't get it.  