We will never learn and grow until we try things we never did. Trying new things would lead us to grow and gain experience. Everyone should improve themselves in order to grow. We must learn about different things other than what we already know to gain knowledge and experience. People that have dreams and want to accomplish should work on trying new experience, learning new things, and improving themselves. Trying new things is the key to gain experience. Soccer players do not always play only soccer. For example, they try different sports to learn more about them. Teachers always try to come up with new topics to teach their students and help them gain more knowledge. Businessman always work on improving their business to grow and become better. To gain more experience we should try different things. To learn things we never knew about we should work hard. Soccer player work really hard to become the best. They do that by learning new skills from big players. Also, teachers try to learn new languages to be able to teach their students who do not speak English very well. Kids should learn from their parents the good things so when they grow up they would have a lot of experience that they learned. We must learn new things to become successful. We must improve ourselves to become successful. Bodybuilders always work on improving their body and getting big. However, parents try to improve, and change the way they treat their kids with to be able to teach them good things. People that just moved to the U.S.A. should work on improving their English to be able to talk with everyone. To become successful we should improve ourselves. In order to accomplish our dreams we should work on trying new things, learn things we never knew about, and improving ourselves. Engineers try to come up with new ideas to build better buildings. People that travel a lot always learn new languages depending on what country their visiting. Athletics try different sports to improve themselves. For all of these reasons and many more, we should try new things to become better and improve.  