Technology allows people to complete many tasks without having contact with others. Many people can check out books, shop, and play games without speaking to another person. Some people believe that technology has a bad effect on people; however, technology can be very educational to students, people can save a lot of time while shopping, and it can help people stay healthy. Technology can be educational for students and teachers. For example teachers can tell students to download apps that are used for education and students can learn on there. Many people think technology isn't educational, but it is because students uses online resource to lean new things. Other example why technology can be educational, students can learn new languages and that can help them in the future. Next example students will be able to use technology, to help them do a project, and they can search up educated websites that would help them on their projects. Therefore, technology doesn't have a bad effect on people because it could be used to help students for educational use purpose. Technology can help people be healthy any many ways. For example I use apps to make healthy food and healthy drinks. Next example people can search up the type of food they are eating, and look at how many calories they are consuming. Final example people can download apps that can help them exercise, keeping their body in good shape, and consuming food that is good for their body. Many people think technology doesn't help us stay healthy, but it does because we can search up food that are good for our body and exercise that are good to. Therefore, technology is very helpful to keep us healthy in many ways. Many people use technology to save a lot of time in their life. For example many people order their food online, so they won't have to wait in a long to order their food. Next example people shop online to save a lot of time, some people don't want to leave their house to shop, so they order things online to save time. Last example technology can schedule meeting, some people don't have time to go to meetings at that time, so they can reschedule their meeting time. Some people may technology doesn't help us save time, but it does because we are able to schedule things online and order food to save time. Many people believe technology have bad effects on us, however; technology is an educational tool, can help people to stay healthy, and can save a lot of people to save time. By people saying technology is a bad effect for people we can use technology for good use.  