Nowadays students of many schools have the opportunity to discover the type of employment according to their interests. The business that most interest me is architecture, the business that you manage. Architecture is one of the works that I admired. The fact to create a house, a building, sky crappers is the result of a hard work and dedication. Practice all the rules and directions, of architecture, it will be a great experience. To have the knowledge of the deeper meaning inside the architecture, and the way to success through my creations. You should select me to visit and learn about architecture. To begin with, I like design and create new things. For example, one time I created a house for my little dogs. The house was not too big, but it was really comfortable for my two little dogs. When I decided to create my dogs' house, I made it with things that I had in my home. I decorate the house, and the result was so pleasant. Another example is that I like draw. I like to experiment with colors and textures. I like innovate art and change the point of view of the people when they see my art. That's why you can select me to visit and learn about architecture. Additionally, I'm confident with my works and my decisions. My confidence help me to achieve more experiences and opportunities. Confidence is the key to success in whatever people do. If people aren't confident; consequently, they can't do a correct work. How can apply confidence in this opportunity? Been confident that my ideas and solutions are helpful. Architecture is a work that need security in what people do, so I can say that I'm a good option to do this opportunity. Therefore, you should select me to be part of this experience. Most importantly, I am dedicated. For example, I dedicate in my classwork, in my homework, and my activities. We can see that the quality of successful people is dedication. People can see Thomas Edison, Albert Einstein, da Vinci, and more successful people that are the pure example of dedication. A person who is dedicated can achieve goals and fulfill it without any problems. Another reason that you should select me, to participate in this opportunity, is that I am dedicated. Some people argue that you shouldn't select me to visit and learn about architecture. They say that I'm not capable for this job, architecture. This maybe true;however, I'm confident with my works and my decisions. Therefore, if I am confident with the activities that I propose to myself, it will be pointless to say that I am not capable to be selected in the opportunity to know architecture. In conclusion, many people apply to have partnerships with companies that allow students to visit and learn about any work, in this case architecture. I'm confident in my work, I'm dedicated, and I create and design things. These is reasons for you to allow me to be part in this opportunity, visit and learn about architecture. Architecture is the type of work that I want to work on. Even though this is only the beginning; I can tell that this opportunity will help me to discover even more that I don't know about architecture. 