Positive attitude is something that can be a reason of successes. Everyone with a positive attitude is a great personality. A positive altitude can lead you achieve your goal. A positive attitude can change something worse to something better. Positive attitude can be an inspiration for others. A positive attitude can change someone's life. A positive attitude can change something worse to something better. For example "When I was 14 years old, we came up with an argument with our family friends. When my brother figured out the problem he invited both families, and he solved the problem." This shows how can a positive attitude change something worse to something better. Having a positive attitude can lead you to success. Positive attitude can change worse to better. Positive attitude can be an inspiration for others. For example "When I was in my country I was impatient. I was asking for everything I want to, but my brother taught me something that, nothing can be that easy to find in our live we have to work for it and achieve it." It describes how a person with positive attitude can be an inspiration for others. Being someone with positive attitude can lead you to achieve your aims and be an inspiration for others. A positive attitude can change someone's life. For example "My uncle's son was not normal. All of his friends were saying, to take him to a doctor. My uncle rejected, he said I am his doctor. He used to call him Tiger. He was taking him to all around the world: Nature, Communities of different cultures, different countries. Furthermore, he recovered to his normal life after 6 months. Now he is one of the managers in a restaurant in Afghanistan." His positive attitude was to not give up and start treatments. It shows how a positive attitude can change someone's life. A positive attitude can be a reason for solving a problem and changing bad to good. People learn from those who have positive attitude. Positive attitude can give someone's real life back. Positive attitude can lead achieve all your dreams. To be a successful you have to behave well with everyone. A positive attitude can make you someone that everyone loves. 