Many students involve themselves in a lot of school activities to enrich their educational experience, some Students can also learn responsibility, because the students can choose how many activities they would like to do. The students could also feel more mature by having to talk with their parents to do any activity after school. Students also have the opportunity to make lots of friends by joining clubs or doing sports. Although if the school controlled the students' involvement of doing any activity, the students would have a limit of joining a certain amount of activities after school. That could help the student not stress about all the responsibility they would have to do. The school also makes students have good grades in other to join a club or sport, which helps the students focus on school assignments first. However, letting the school control a student, would make the student struggle with responsibility and communication with people. If a student wants to play a sport and be in a club after school because the student wants to make friends, they shouldn't be limited to joining just one by the school. Instead, the student should be allowed to choice and join as many clubs or sports they would like. It would help the student to communicate with people without them being scared or shy to talk to someone. Going out of their comfort zone early would also help a student with finding and working for a job. Communication is one of the most important things in a daily life, and if a student can't join an activity because of their grades, how would the student be able to talk to someone if their scared too. Joining a lot of activities after school, helps a student with responsibility. When a student is involved in a lot of activities, they learn to use their time wisely and would help them later in life for when they are working. It would also help with daily events like taking out the trash, washing their dishes, cleaning their room, and doing their school assignments. Since they have to be doing well in school to even be doing after school activities. Responsibility is something a student should learn in an early age, and should have during school, and after they graduate from high school and even collage. If a student is committed to doing all the activities they chose to have, they will do great. Not only will they feel good about themselves, but that will make their parents proud and show them that they ready to be independent. That would also look good for when the student signs up for a collage they would like to go to, but also for when they get a job. When someone is committed to their job, their boss will notice that they really wanna work and could even get a raise. Commitment will help a student, because if they believe they can do a lot of school work and do lots of activities, They will feel great about themselves at the end of their high school career. 