Do you have a positive attitude? If you do, are you enjoying your life? Today, many people living in U.S. and people have many attitudes, and some peoples has good attitude that key to success in life, others has not good attitude. Although, some people think that attitude is not important to the life because of it is dependents on how you work harder, one might think that positive attitude is the key to success in life because you do not stick in same problem, you could become strong, you could have many supporters. First, you do not stuck in same problem. If you have problems about your job or in your life, and you do not know how to fix your problems, but If you have positive attitude you could think positive way to your problem, and do not need to spend the so much time for your problems. At the least, you can figure out fix your problem more good way, and you will do to be great in your job or your life. When I was middle school I was playing basketball, and I had problem that I always think about If I miss this shoot and scared to shoot in the game, but I changed think to positive way that I can do it, I will make it. So, I really enjoyed every game and I did make it so many score in the game. Second, you could become strong. If you did big mistake in your job or in relationship, of course at the first you will be sad, but you could change to positive way quickly, so you will work harder, and you could fix mistake. Two years ago I was dating with boy that he goes to same school, but we did not work out no longer. I was so d, and I was cried every day, but my mom told me that "you will be fine, glow up and become strong then make him jealous". So, realized that stay in sad mood every day is not good for me, and I changed to think positive way and I focused more about myself, I did my makeup, I bought new cute clothes. And my ex-boyfriends asked me to If you want mo to back together, but I said no because I knew he will hurt me again, but I was so happy that I could make his jealous and I told myself that I win then at the same time felt strong. Third, you could have many supporters. If you have negative attitude and you always said then you always say no, or I can not do it other people might start thinking about you that not fun person because If someone trying to cheer you up, but you keep saying no, it will make triers uncomfortable. No one do not want to spend the time with negative person. If you have positive attitude people think about you that nice, and fun person so for example, your boss or your teachers and friends, they will support you and your life become grateful. In conclusion, having a positive attitude is the key to success by you do not have to waist the time small problems, you could become strong about anything, you could enjoy your life, and you could get many supporters that support your life and so important to success in life.  