Do you think that a positive attitude is the key to success in life?some people said that positive attitude can help you in life. Positive attitude is the key to success in many ways in life. I agree, because in many opportunities that you will have in life, is that you will know a lot of people in life without positive attitude. One of the most important things that a person can have in life is positive attitude, if you are one of those persons with positive attitude, you will get more opportunity around the world. In my own opinion positive attitude can help many people out there in life, having positive attitude can help a lot in the person. Example: when you go to work, if you have positive attitude you feel good all the time, also you will be able to talk with your friends in a way that you would not affect someone around you. Those who have a positive attitude you will success in life. Example in my family, my grandparents has been successful in life only with positive attitude, they always have faith in the things that they will do, also one of my grandfathers said that all you need in the world or in a work area is positive attitude, if you had that you will get all you want. In many opportunities that you will live in real life, is when you are ready to do something, but you are not sure to do it, that's where you will put your positive attitude to do it on own place I would say that having good attitude is one of the best things that a human can have good attitude would give you more opportunity, when someone with positive attitude wake up at the morning the first thing that they do is smile at the mirror. Positive attitude is a good thing to have but, some people without positive attitude they think different in a way, that they don't know what are they being doing to be as the person that have positive attitude in life. In the future positive attitude is going to be one of the most important thing around the world and also in your life. Conclusion if you have a good attitude you will be successful in life. 