I do agree with Churchill statement because life ain't easy, and you will lose a lot to order to become successful in life. The reason I agree with this statement is that I know how it feels to lose it all to order to become successful and that was to become a professional soccer player to proof everybody that left me hanging, that did me dirty, and people that don't want seeing me to win. This made me go harder for what I want to become in life I really put all my effort into something I love playing since my childhood, it always kept me from trouble and ending up in the street. I remember when I was 13 years old I used to play for a perfect team that I never thought I could make, but I did and never had a change to play on the field because the coach thought I wasn't ready to play. He used to doubt about my ability on the field and that put me down, I left the team then stop playing for 6 months, but I was start to think that I shouldn't give up and 2 months later I made Super Y where all the good player are at and good teams. Only played 6 games and I didn't do good or bad, but I did alright and one of the coaches love my playing style, he got me on a travel team. My first season was where I proved everybody wrong and scored 38 goals 16 assist, I was proud of myself for not giving up and kept my head up from what I was going thought, Next season I got called up to play for the first team I was amazed for what I accomplish in a year. It was amazing when I played for the first team because I went to tournaments that were big like the state cup and college showcases I never experience, my team came in first place for two seasons and almost won state cup. The next year I made NPL and been getting mail from academy team and one team from Spain to go play for them, but I lost those changes and that when I just stop giving up because money was an issue, and I was begun to get in trouble that when I lost it all the hard work for nothing. I had my hope up for things to get better and one day I was listing to my coach, he told me I was an amazing player and I change the game every time I'm on the field then he told me don't give up on something you are perfect at because I can see you going pro or playing division one soccer and get draft from there, so I listed, and now I got 5 division one school that went me to play for there school and some others. This is why I agree with this statement because if you lose faith in yourself you will never become successful in something you love doing and playing even if it gets hard keep your head up and focus on the main goal to become successful. This rapper said" at your best you are love and don't let anybody pull you from your grind" and I like what that quote say because it true once you became big everybody you know that talk upon your name and never been by your side will come back and say how they used to know. Churchill quote really think and realize don't lose your enthusiasm failure makes you push harder and makes you more successful without failure nobody in this world is not willing to take any risks or changes to became successful. Prove everybody what you capable of doing and take risks and chase your dream to the fullest.