Have you ever did something because is on trend or just because someone else did?. As you must know humans are easily influenced by others way of thinking and acting, and it is because we want other people to like us showing that humans are social individuals. The best way of influencing others is setting an example by ourselves because we tend to compare ourselves to other people, also humans repeat what they like the fashion trends, and lastly, because social pressure can lead us to do things even if we don't want to just because everyone else did. Everyone is influenced by what others think or do. First, we have to begin with the way in which we usually compare ourselves to other people. Is common that if we see someone breaking the rules we'll claim that "We are on our right to do it to". Or we can just see that this happens a lot between siblings; if one of the siblings gets something the other one will want the same. For example, when my parents buy something for my brother, I want them to buy something for me to. Or when they let my brother be out until a late hour, I'll claim that I have the right to do the same the next time I go out. People is always comparing themselves to others in what they have or don't have. Next, is imperative to analyze the humans' dependence in wearing what others wear just because is in trend. If for example Gigi Heidi wears sweatpants with heals and looks good, every girl in the world would run to buy the same clothes and wear them because now is a trend; or if a girl in my school wears makeup in some way and I liked how it looked, I'll copy the look and wear it some other day. Humans like parrots repeat what they like. Finally, the social pressure can make us do things we don't want to just because someone else did. That is why many times we've heard" If other people jumped from the bridge, Will you do it to?". For example if we are on a party and someone offers a drink, the probability of drinking it is high because everyone else is doing it, and we want people to like us. If someone challenges us, we would do it because we want people to like us. Social pressure is an influence in what people do. In conclusion, Setting an example on our own will help us a lot in making people do what we want them to do. A smile is contagious, kindness is contagious and humans as social individuals repeat what they like and humans want people to like them.