When you play activities or an instrument, don't you get a relief when you play them? I like to play volleyball, because I can make new friends, it gives me an opportunity in life to have a good life, and it is really fun to hit the ball when it flies really close to you. My first reason is that I can make new friends. Having friends is an amazing thing, because you can always rely on your friend and have some kind of connection to them. Friends will help you at any time, whether it is hard times, bad grades, fight with someone, arguments and others. Friends are always there for you, and it does not need to be a daily conversation with them to be friends. If you have friends, you will have more success in your life, and it will give you new opportunities in life, such as, jobs etc. When you become friends with someone, you become a different person and everyone around you are happy, and you also can make a difference in the world if you have more opportunities to have a great life. My second reason is that the games give me more opportunities to participate in any activities that I am interested in. Doing activities is good, because it keeps you healthy and a more enjoyable person. When you play sports it teaches you math, because the ball is circular, and it has a circumference, radius, and a diameter. People don't just play sports, they play sports, because they enjoy them and when you play it, it feels like that you are free and able to do anything in the world. When you believe you can do it, you will be able to do it, you just don't need to give up if something goes wrong. My third reason is that it is fun to hit the ball when it flies towards you. It is fun, because it gives you new experiences and different feelings that you have never had felt before. But to play a sport you have to have good grades and a good spirit of wanting to play the game. Sports are like your new life, because when you start playing, you cannot stop. It feels like you are addicted to the game and that it is so fun that you cannot stop playing it. When you are in a team, it gives a different feeling, because you have to work hard to get into the team. You don't just go and play a sport, it has to include how hard enough you have worked to play in that sport. My fourth reason is that you should never give up on any sport, if you already started it. Sports also give a different point of view of people. Having feelings is a perfect experience, because it shows a whole different part of our personality. Sports give you a life experience that you will never forget, even if you are old. And, whenever you feel along you can go talk to your teammates about it, and they will help you out with it. Teammates are the best part of the game, because they open so many new doors to you, and you just have to work hard enough that you can go through the doors that you chose to live with. My final reason is that even perfect people make mistakes in games. If you want to be perfect in a game, you just have to practice a lot to become better and better at it. Practicing show your teammates that you care about them and the game. New friends always pop out from different angles in your life. Life without friends would be miserable, because you have nobody to help you in anything. Playing volleyball is really important to me, because I can make new friends it is really fun to hit the ball when it comes towards you, and give opportunities for a new and better life. In conclusion, sports are really fun, because you can always gain courage in the game. You can experience things you never experienced before. It can make you want to become a coach, because if you are a coach it will be fun to give kids what they want to play and get new ideas of new kinds of games that they can play. Your life doesn't always depend on the game, because we always have something else to do even if we have a game, and it is always hard to find what time you are going to play the game. It is how the life will be when you are a grown up. Our lives always give us surprises that we don't expect. Sports are the most important thing in our lives, because they help us overcome our fears of communicating with people.