I agree with John Lubbock statement about "Your character will be what you yourself choose to make it"because in order for you to get to your career, you want to have very good character traits. For an example, you love working with kids, so you apply working at a daycare center where you'll teach little kids the different types of shapes and watch them while their parents are at work. You apply and get schedule for an interview and the owner in charge looks over your resume and realizes you have bad character traits, do you think that they'll give you the job ? No they won't because they want someone who has good character traits. Another reason, Your character shouldn't be decided by the world or your friends. Your character is something you show to somebody like loyalty and respect. If you're loyal to someone chances are they'll be loyal to you. For an example a Hospital hires you to be a general surgeon most likely they want you to stay loyal to them and stay with them. Respect goes a long way, respecting someone is very important you never want to get in someone's bad side because you never know what they'll do if you disrespect them. You want to always respect someone. Your character is something that is chosen by yourself never the world, because you could be a very good person, and you'll still have people talking down on you, but you choose to accept the fact that people are always going to have their own opinion. The world shouldn't decided if you're a good person or a bad person society shouldn't decide that either. You choose to either be mean, rude, nice, happy, or sad. Your character shouldn't be based on the people around you. They shouldn't have to choose your attitude. Even though people think that your character is formed by influences beyond our control, I think we control our own character, we choose to either to be mean or nice. We control what goes through our head and what comes out of our mouths. The people around us should respect our character. We decided what we want to do for ourselves not others. 