I think that my school should not extend the school day per two hours. I feel that don't to be good or necessary for the students. The proposal of increase the school day two hours has the pros and the cons. I'm against of extending the school day. I know the pro is that way we save more energy and resources but has more cons, to continue I have three clear reasons. The students to lost one day complete of class, and they need to learn more of each class material. I think that if the teens study just four-day per week, they will can't to be a good output academic. I have a friend that she studies in another school, her school is not "common", And you ask me: "Why do you tell me "not common"?" I can answer you because the school day is similar to the principal question, she studies just Monday to Thursday; She told me that is "cool" because don't have class on Friday, but I think that was ridiculous, I know is funny don't to be class on Friday, is hilarious!! But We are need focus in to study, we need to have a purpose that is the school and graduate. Studying four-day to week is not similar than study five-day to week. Some students have a job after school, if they study two hours more per day to week, so the teen would not to be to work almost per four days. They need to work for pay their phones, their clothes, their rent, their food, etc. My cousin have a job after school, he works 5 or 4 days to week. He works because he needs the money. When the class is to finish (He can to work that days), his job's schedule start 4:30pm to 10:30pm, so if the school decide change or increase the two hours per day, my cousin and other teens that have a job, would not to work. The students need more time after school in their home, because they can to do homework or study any quiz or class materials, even any teens have another class in the afternoon, like to study computer, French, Spanish, Arabic, or whatever language, also study arts, math, ballet or whatever dance that they to prefer. Patty is 15 years old, she is a cute girl, she loves to dance class, her dance class start 5pm to 7pm, her schedule is on Monday and Tuesday. On Wednesday she takes computer and Spanish class the same time that dance class. If the school decide follow this model by extending the school day two hours probably she lost her afternoon classic conclusion, I think that should not follow the model be extending the school day two hours, because the students lost one day complete of class, lost the concentration and focusing on the class, would no to get job after school, and they would not to study another class after school. 