What is positive attitude? Positive attitude is when a person has positive thoughts about something that went wrong or good, but they see all the possibles ways to success in life. Having a positive attitude is essential in lifestyle, this can bring happiness to your life, and can take you to extraordinary places. I think having a positive attitude is important because this is a way to express yourself around others, and to show the way you can manage your thoughts. I agree that having positive attitude is the key to success in life, and that everyone should have a positive attitude not just for a work area but anywhere. There are many reasons to have a positive attitude, for example: you may want to have a positive attitude when you get a bad grade on the test, because you can think positive and say:" I did bad on this test today but, I am going to keep trying and studying hard every time, so I can do better". Another example is when you are doing a sport, and you think you can't do it and that you are going to give up, you can tell yourself you can do it and have a positive attitude towards it. There are always problems in the daily life, and people deal with these problems not always with a good attitude. What will happen if you don't have a positive attitude? Well if you don't have a positive attitude, you won't have success in life because you are going to have negativity in your mind and the word "fail" is going to become one of your favorites. Having a positive attitude is not always easy, and not all people have it. A negative attitude is the opposite of a positive attitude, and this can affect your life. For example: In school if you have a bad attitude things can go bad, when you are always being negative usually your problems don't get fix, and you struggle more with your thoughts. This can mentally affect you, and teenagers are challenged every day by this issue. The key is positively to a successful life. I personally consider myself as a positive person. I try to solve every problem with a positive attitude because when I do so, my problems get fix the good way, and I am happy with the results. If I don't have a positive attitude, all my goals would be nothing, I get stress and change my attitude, and I even hurt people's feelings without knowing. Success is important too because by this you can be a better person for society, people can judge you differently, and you can help others when they are going through a lot. Positively is also mental strength, it expands your knowledge, it changes the way you think about everything, and makes your life easier. In conclusion, having positive attitude helps you to have success in life. Sometimes it's hard to understand how people can be so positive about everything, but not all people are happy in their lives. Some people have their reasons to not be positive, and it's important to understand these people. Other people, like me, have positive attitude towards anything, which is good because it helps you in your daily life, work, school and others activities. A lot of people like other people with a positive attitude, because it brings positive energy and happiness to other people's life. Everyone should have a positive attitude, if you are not a positive person, it's not too late to change the way you are living, and it's time to have more positive thoughts and say" positive" for a successful life.  