Students get their longest break on summer when they finish the first ten months of the school year; however, they will forget the information they have been taught in school when they get back in fall if they spend this long vacation for only partying, going for a trip, or without taking classes online. Also, those people who argue that there should be a year round schools and summer should be a 3-4 weeks break, it will be a less time break for most students who have planned to do their own projects while reading and without forgetting what they have learned. First, when students complete their school year and started planning what to do for their summer vacation, socially teens will put partying on the first list. There are some students who are doing worse than this, doing nothing but waiting for their friend's party. Students don't realize that they are wasting their time on partying until the coming school year approaches. This doesn't just waste their time on their vacation when they can take classes online or school closer to where they live in, but they are wasting their money instead of saving it for their college tuition. Second, when someone goes for a trip, they will observe information and learn from what they have seen when travelling. On the other hand, when students are going for a trip, most of them will be taking pictures of themselves only without paying attention, observing ideas, or learning from what they see on the trip. If they were paying attention when travelling without just taking pictures of themselves, they were going to get benefitted for some classes like history and geography. Third, in the summer long vacation if students are not going to summer schools or studying at home, they definitely should be taking online courses to help them not to retain information as easily when they return to school on fall. When students are not studying or taking classes over the summer, their brain is not developing which makes them not to be a creative or open-minded. Plus, it is hard for most students who was enjoying summer without taking classes and getting back to school when it opens to understand like other students who have taken summer schools in their long vacation. In conclusion, I don't agree with the idea that there should be year round schools to prevent students from not retaining information when they return to new school year from their summer vacation. Instead of creating a year round schools, students can enroll themselves to summer school and study with their parents support. Additionally, if there is a longer winter break in the middle of the schools' year, students most likely will forget what they have been taught before even finishing the full school year. Furthermore, long summer vacation is helpful to complete what one student has planned. As the matter of fact, even if there is a 3-4 week break in the summer, students will still not retain information easily when school starts if they don't use their vacation time wisely on purpose.