On this time most the people had failures on their life, a failure is something that always going to happen on the life. Some people get it on the good way, and they make of each failure a lesson for their life, also a failure give to you the motivation that you need to do your best, each failure make you stronger and make you be alert on your next stepson people get the failures on good way when they learn about it. All the failures have a lesson for your life, the first reason why a failure give you a lesson is because. If you never do it wrong you will never learn about the failure. Second you learn about the failure when you made it before, and you do again, but now you do it good for example. If your teacher give you 10 days to do a presentation on your computer and, the first day you say I will do it tomorrow, and you say the same the next day until a night before the day that you have to turn the work you start do it, and you don't have enough time, and you get a bad grade. The next day it was a failure, and you will learn about it because the next time you will do it on time. A failure give to you the motivation that you need to do your best the next time. When you do something wrong for first time you feel bad, and you want to do it wrong again, inclusively if it was a little mistake you don't want to, and you got motivation. Most the people owners of big companies obtain motivation when they have a failure on a business, they don't give up they get motivation to do their best on the next business for example. You went to your work, and it's your first day and your boss told you that you have to finish all of your signatures 10 minutes before the end of the day, and you finish it 15 minutes after, your boss can get mad and give you a warning, and you have to get it like a motivation to do your best the next day and keep going. Each failure make you stronger and make you be alert on your next step. The failure coming and coming on ours life sometimes it comes hurt, and sometimes it doesn't, all of those make you stronger, give you a lesson and make you be alert for don't get it mistake again. It makes you stronger means that you don't going to feel weak again when you commit a mistake, also you going to be alert and take your precautions on your next step for example. If you are on a team of soccer, and you are the goalkeeper, and while you are talking with a friend, one of the other team hit the ball and make a score it was your fault. Your coach going to scold you for it but you going to be alert for the next time and you also going to be stronger because you learn about of your mistake. The primer minister Winston Churchill had the reason when he said that" success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm" I think that if everyone doesn't have any failure on their life, they never know how hard can be a success person on this world. They never learn about their failure, and maybe they don't encourage to the best on their jobs in conclusion all the people have more than one failure on their life, but they make of it something good on their life.