Working in a group is betterPeople in this day's are deciding rater to work in a group or work alone. There is a lot of good and bad things between these two options. Most people may choose to work in groups for different reasons. Here are some of the reason why I think that working in group in better than working alone. Some people like to work in groups because they like to finish faster, also it is a good choice because the information that you need to look for is divide with all the group members, finally it is good because you meet new people in the group to work with. The first reason why working in a group is better than working alone is that you can finish faster. For example if you work by your-self on a big project you are going to take more time to finish it. Probably you can finish it on time, but you are going to spend a lot of time then you. Then if you work in a group everybody in the group can help to get it done more fast. With the help of all the members the work is going to be done on time, and you are going to have more time for yourself. With more time for yourself you can play video games, watch your favorite show or take a good time to study for another class or a test. Another reason why working in a group is a benefit rater than work alone is because you divide the information about the topic with all the members of the group. For example if you are in high school, and you get a big project then there are two choices to do it by yourself or work in group. I think most people in your class will prefer to work in groups because there will be a lot of information to look for. In a group all the members are going help in the project to get a good grade. Everybody is going to be proud of what they did together. Also, they can be the best project on the class. The last reason why working in groups is better than working alone is that everybody in the group meet new people. For example in your class you do not talk to all your classmates and this is a good opportunity to talk to them. Maybe in the past you were thinking that they were bad people but doing the project together that let you know that they are awesome. Meeting new people is good because sometimes others may feel alone and letting yourself meet them and letting them meet you, both are going to feel a different way. Sometimes what we just need is a good friend to talk and to do homework with. Some people are going to be disagreed with this idea because they may not like to meet new people or because they like to be by their selves. In conclusion working in groups is a good choice because it has good benefits. You can get more time for yourself by finishing faster with the help of your group members. You have lest information to look for because there are other members that are looking for other information. Finally, you can meet new people and became a friend of them. There are some other benefits that help to work in a group and understand more about a topic with the half of all the members.