To begin with, there are different opinions about to do something beyond of what we have already mastered and for that reason we will never grow. Some people idea is that if they have already their master they will stop there, but that's not the point. I believe that we have to keep trying and learning until the end ; for example, if you never try something different you will never grow. I'm agree with author Ralph Emerson and here are my reasons why:One reason, is you will have more experience. Experience make people rich, and I am not talking about profit. For example, if I go to apply for a job and I just have a high school diploma because all I wanted was a high school diploma, but there is another applicant that have more than a high school diploma he also has a diploma as a plumber. This applicant has more experience and more masters, he prepared himself more than me, so he will get the job. Sometimes in life we have to be ambitious in a property way. I am agree with author Ralph because learning differently means growing. The reason is I will be more mature, for example ; I will gain more mature because I have learned based of my mistakes, moreover will be easier for me than another person that just stayed with the easiest. There are many people that give up at the first try; although, life is not easy but at least don't give up at: the first, second and the third try. Another reason why trying something new of what already have is I can reach more goals; in other words, at this time in society your value depends a lot on what you have, you can more privileges if you have more goals earned. For example, my goal is to be a police officer, but after I reach my goal I will keep looking for the highest range, and that will make me grow: economically, physical and mentally. In addition, while you are mastering new goals you will be growing at the same time. In conclusion many people are not agree to this idea because many of them like the easier, but the easier is not valuable. There will be many obstacles, and people will think that is the end; consequently, they will not grow sufficiently to know that the most they try the most opportunities of gain they have. However, in my opinion is never late to continue learning because;''The more we learn that more we know, and the more we know, the more we grow''.