Well I think it's a good idea because it would help out the future and give other students different opportunities that they enjoy for there choice of carrier. For example in the real life students should understand the choice of their carrier because different carriers have different working conditions. This shows that students would enjoy there future. This shows that students would enjoy there choice of their carrier. This shows that students would deal with their working conditions. This shows that students would get better understanding there choice. Some people may believe that students should commit a carrier because they would enjoy what those would do. However, some students would not there carrier because they would think about it cause there other carriers that might interest them. Well most carriers can interest students because it would give them a different experience of what they do. Most students might have seen there parents work on their carrier that they might seem interested. This shows that students should see what there parents would do on the carrier that they would be interested on .this shows that students would enjoy that experience if they seemed interested. This shows students would be enjoyed there experience by the same carrier. This shows that students would enjoy same carrier that there parents work. Some people may believe that students would work on same carrier that there parents work on because most students might have the same experience. However students would choose a different that they like. Well most students can go online and learn what carriers could do. Example students would use there computer to learn what carriers can do. This shows that using technology would help them with there interest. This shows they could ask someone that work on a carrier that they interest. This shows that carriers could help out the future. This shows that carriers could have different experience. Some people may believe using electronics would help out the carriers that you were interested because they could understand what they do. However other carriers would something different. 