First, we all know that self-reliance define it as the need for each individual to follow an own instinct and idea, but people should always seek guidance from experts and authorities about life's important matters, so people can compare between his decision or the expert's idea and advice. Although some people always make their own decision because some usually believe that they are always thinking clear and positive, Actually the best for people is to always seek guidance from an expert or authority because somehow it can help all the people to compare between an own decision or the expert's advise or guidance to finally find out what is the best choice and seek guidance from experts can early contribute when people want to consider taking an action on an important decision. Some people always make their own decision because some usually believe that they are always thinking clear and positive. As it has been proved, people naturally believe that they are always correct on their decisions, so it makes humans feel that others are not reliable even when is a family or friend. Actually it is the best for people to always seek guidance from an expert or authority because somehow it can help all the people to compare between an own decision or the expert's advise and guidance to finally find out what is the best choice. Somethimes people are not really sure when or how to take an action on a decision, and it can make you fell upset or depress, but there is always people we can trust and feel comfortable to ask them for an advice or guidance, and at the end we can just try to find out what is more convenient and what will make us improve our ideas. In addition, seek guidance from experts can early contribute when people want to consider taking an action on an important decision, according to New research. Having other's people ideas makes the brain think twice and take a better position on any issuer example; when people have a problem about life's important matters, the brain does not think clear, and it makes people not think twice about their thinking that can be completely wrong, but if we seek guidance from a reliable person that will give us an extra point of view and extra ideas that we might use to take an action on an important decision. People should always seek guidance from experts and authorities about life's important matters because it can help people to compare between their thoughts and expert's advice when people want to consider taking an action on an important decision, even though many people make their own decisions. Seek guidance from experts or authorities will help you to take a better position on any issue. 