Dear Generic_Name, It has come to my attention that schools have partnerships with companies that allow students to explore certain occupations' trough internships and shadowing opportunities, to discover whether they are interested in pursuing that type of job. However, I'm in favor of the new opportunities that the schools are offering to young teenagers. Allowing students to explore certain occupations would motivate students to decide what type of job they want to dedicate their life on. Every student dreams to have a perfect job, were they can have a good environment and do what they love to do, But for many other reasons; students do not have the same opportunities as other's. With the new chances that companies are offering to students, everyone has the choice to be what they want and be successful in life. Every student goes through a hard process were they have to decide, what they want to become in life. As a result not everyone gets the job they wanted to, causing that this person feels miserable working in a place were they don't feel comfortable. Many juniors and seniors are feeling the pressure deciding what type of job they want; However companies allowing students to discover what their passion is and what type of job they want to get, would increase the percentage of students achieving their goals and get the job they wanted to. Not every student has the chance to get the job they want to. Either way because they don't have the sources to reach their goals, or they can't because they are not well establish financially. For example, my dream is to become a doctor but no one of my family have gone to collage, they don't have any experience nor the sources to help active my dream. I believe I'm not the only one that is going through this, schools partnerships with companies benefits everyone in many different ways, causing that every student has the chance to succeed in life. Lastly, allowing students to have the will to explore new opportunities benefit those who are still deciding what they want to become in life, and those who don't have any chance on achieving their goals. It's very important that every teenager prepares to the real world, without having any doubts or risking themselves to be unsuccessful. Companies allowing students to choose what they want to be in life can be one of the many reasons that our future can be secure. Thank you for taking your time on this matter and allowing me to express my opinion and my great fullness. Sincerely, Generic_Name 