My grandma always said," Is ok to fail, the only thing that matters is to stand up and keep trying." A decision is the act of deciding something, as a controversy or question, by reaching a conclusion or making a judgment. If people take their own decisions, they are going to benefit. People should take their own decisions because it is a right, people can learn for the consequences of their actions, and people have the ability to think by themselves. Many argue that people should visit a guidance to take decisions because guidance may have more experiences solving problems. However, they are wrong because in the past people fight and die for rights, and now that everyone have the privilege to talk for themselves they are not going to let others decide for them. Clearly, people do not need to visit a guidance in order to make a good decision. Initially, citizens have the right to take their own decision. For instance, Generic_Name, who is a citizen of the United States, wants to get the divorce because he found his wife cheating on him. To specify, he went to the court to get the paperwork done for the divorce. To detail, he has the right and the privilege to get the divorce because it is human right; he does not need the help of any guidance to make this decision because is something too personal. One should observe that taking decisions is a right that everyone is able to reach. Additionally, people can make mistakes, but they have the capacity to emend them. For example, Generic_Name, for peer pressure, take a wrong decision about using drugs. To add, she realizes that what she did were a wrong decision, and she understood that is bad for her health and she staunch doing it. Clearly, society can make people do what they do not want, but is in one to say: no; and fix what they did wrong. Last, but not less important, everyone has different ideas and points of views, and because of that people should make their own decisions. For instance, Generic_Name's parents teach him to differentiate between good and bad; that means that he is not going to be in troubles for a bad decisions. To illustrate, he does not need the help of others to make a good choice. Obviously, humans are unique and sometimes people do not go to agree with others, but that does not mean that one is wrong and the other is right; people need to respect others decisions. In summary, taking decisions is a privilege that ancestors gave us, people are going to make mistakes in order to success, and everyone is qualified to talk by themselves. These prove that citizens should not need to see a guidance in order to made decisions. People must respect others points of views and do not judge them for what they do. There is only one choice: respect and always have present that no matter what others said you can do it!