Students are expected to identify a career by the time they enter high school their courses of study on high school are selected to guide them toward a specific career to have an idea on what they want, but a lot of the new students don't know what they really want in life because they are too young and some of them are not used to high school. When you are in a young age is difficult to choose what you really want it takes time to choose what you want or to choose a career at a young age because they don't have a lot of responsibility's at a young age a lot of them just think of having a playful and safer childhood. They are too young to just choose what want in life. When you are a teenager you don't have any idea about a specific career, or you are not sure. A lot of students put a lot of pressure school: test, quizzes, homework, grades. And is very difficult for some students on specific all the athlete's: soccer players, basketball players, lacrosse player's track runner's, if they make it to the school team all of them have to spend four to five or more hours of just training and working on getting better. They don't have a lot of time for study or do the homework. A lot of young students have a lot of pressure to think on a career on a young age because some of them have problem like sleep problem's and school grades. All this young teenage's and student's need time to think about what career they really want. They need time to choose what they really want because if the student's just choose a career they are not going to like or be happy on that career they are not going to keep going. When you are on a young age you need something or somebody to help you to choose a career. You get need help to choose want you want is better to grow and spend more time thinking about what you really want. When you are on a young age is hard for you to just go to high school and choose a career that you really want in life, the school's should send help and talk to the students on what they want they should help them to choose something that they may like and bring specific people focus on that career to help them choose and get some examples for the students if the school's get that help and specific people to help them that should be a big help for the students and teenager'when you get help sometimes is more easy and can you help think about a career that you can be focused on overall teachers should bring specific people and get them example on that career. That they really want. Is better to spend more time thinking on what you really want than just choose something that you don't want.