What does it mean to partnerships with a company? I think it a good idea for Many students who look for opportunities before they go to college. Student will get to explore certain work area and what type of work they want to do. If student want to work at a company they can visit the company and see what kind of work they do. If school partnership with companies it will help many students to choose what type of work interest them. I think they should select me because I like to be around people, I want to know what type of jobs I want to do, and I want to have an experiment about jobs. There are so many people who don't like to be around, but I really like to be around people. I think when I am around people It gives you a positive feeling. Anywhere you work or go and your around people It away gives you positive feeling. If you work in a company there will be people that you have to work with even if you like them or don't. One time at my school we were in a group project and I didn't know the people who were in the group and I didn't know what to say. Then I started talking to them, and now we are friends. Whenever I am around people even If I don't know them and when I start talking to them, I feel like I know them for long time. So many student already know what they want to do in the future, but I don't know yet what should I do. I always ask myself that what I am good at. I never figure it out what is something I am good at. Furthermore, I think not someone can get the jobs they want, but If they select me to It will give me the opportunities to find out what types of work I am interested in. It will really help me If I know what work I want to do. There are many people who are not happy with their jobs, but they still have to do it for their family. I think people should choose what jobs they want to do. If I want to work at a company and I don't know anything about the company how can I work there. I think before you work you should have an experiment, so you know what is the jobs about. I wanted to work at a restaurants, but I didn't know what kind of work will they have, so I ask my friend who have work there. If you don't have experiment you can research about it. There are work where you don't have to have experiment, but in some jobs they want you to have an experiment. I always wanted to be a nurse, so I always wanted to learn about nursing. If I get select I would have a opportunity to explore about nurse and I will get to have an experiment.However, you should not select me, but you should because I like to be around people, I want to know what type of jobs I want to do, and I want to have an experiment about jobs. I like to be around people because I think it gives a positive feeling. If I think you should select me because It will give me the opportunities to find out what types of work I am interested in. I want to choose a job that I will enjoy working. It is good ideas to have an experiment about a job before you work. 