A city council is having arguments to adopt curfew for teenagers,10 P. M on weekdays and midnight curfew on weekends. Some people think this to be a good idea, but others especially like young people does not think so. There are conflicting opinions over this topic. In my opinion this is a good idea to set a limit for teenagers who stay away from home late night. In my opinion, this adoption can lead to improvement in sleeping habits of teenagers, prevents unhealthy food habits and allow teens to spend more time with their families. Curfews to stop teenagers going out of home late night make them improve their sleep time. As they are home they sleep on better time than they are out till midnight. For young people sleep time should be 7-8 hours at least, because of their growing body structure. Young people are more energetic if they sleep well. Staying out late disturbs bedtime for teens, which makes them lazy, tired and inactive in activities going on around us. Inadequate sleep can also lead to risk in driving a vehicle. As you could not sleep well you may feel dizziness while driving a vehicle, which is really dangerous. A lot of teens die in road crashes because of inattentiveness while driving, this inattentiveness comes from inadequate sleep. Also, the crashes are caused due to drink and drive habits after staying out late night. To protect teens from death in that early age curfews should be adopted. As when me myself could not sleep well, I am unable to concentrate on my work in my class. This a lot of times effects my grades. Also, when I stay awake till late night separates me from what is going on in real world because when people around me are awake, I am not focused and asleep. This adoption also somehow effects teens eating habits. Staying out means eating unhealthy and junk food, which is not at all good for young people's health. Along with adequate sleep we also should be healthy to stay fresh and active. It is really necessary for young people to eat healthy food because they have their full life to live and if they will stay unhealthy, they will get diseases in really early age. Not only food when teens go out with friends they drink alcohol or beer, which is not good for them at that early age. Unhealthy food weakens teens immune system which leads to diseases in quite early ages. Not only diseases unhealthy food collects a lot of fat in their body that effects teens socially, mentally and physically. If teens stay in the house they eat food provided to them by their parents, also which is healthy and not too oily. Whenever I eat unhealthy food it makes me sick and if you are in place where no one knows you, people there likes TYO stay away from me which makes me feel uncomfortable. I have seen a guy in my family who have grown fat after eating a lot of junk food, he suffers a lot of problems like he need someone's help to get up if he sits down, a lot of people teases him for his fatty body, and also he cannot even walk fast because he gets tired fast. So to stay away from these bad comments and unfit body teens should eat healthy food and homemade food. Apart from food and sleep curfew for teenagers make them stay home with their families. This makes them to interact with their families instead of going out with friends. Most of times generation gap is being shown in between families that is just because of less attraction in between people in the families. Having dinner together at night makes you discuss various aspects going on around us. Like when our family gets together we talk about of new things we tried, just as me and my sister made new friends as we shifted here this year. Also, we talk about how to be aware from diseases going on in recent days. We also discuss problem we are suffering from. This makes us share our happiness and problems we are going through in our life, and also we are able to intact with the family members. There are various more ideas that shows that this adoption takes teens lives towards positive aspects. Proper sleep, healthy food and interaction with their families can be obtained if these curfews are adopted. To make future generation healthy and concentrated about development and growth of our country these laws are need to be applied. If teens will be healthy they will come up as fresh and present minded citizens towards the country. If they sleep well, they will work hard to make their dreams come true. Also, if they will interact with their families they will make each one satisfied in world. Teens should take this positively instead of taking it as a restriction on their freedom. This is not a restriction but a key to live healthy, fresh and active way of life. Give teens life by restricting their habits instead of giving them death with improper lifestyle.