Even though imagination is more important than knowledge, thinking in a creative way is better than learning something from somewhere. Yes, imagination is more important than knowledge because it's letting your brain think more about the things that make you happy the most. Also, imagination is like thinking outside the box (to me), but I try using imagination a little more than knowledge. Although knowledge is not as good, but some people prefer knowledge to imagination. Imagination helps me become more creative and open to myself because I let myself imagine, then let my mind speak free and be creative. Becoming more creative and open is perfect, knowledge does not give me the opportunities to do so. Knowledge does not let me be as more creative as when I'm imagining, therefore I have to start imagining. I think that imagination is a better way of saying art, because I'm thinking of things that may not even exist in this world. In that case, imagining is creative, artistic, and beyond, so that is why imagining something is better than knowledge to me. Imagination makes me passionate about what I want to do and accomplish it. I've always dreamed of opening my own interior design company. That designs furniture, planing notebooks for office workers, etc., that are for houses, offices, and dorm rooms. All of that was because of imagination, I wanted to accomplish that when I graduate from college. Imagination doesn't just help me with what I want to accomplish it also helps me decide what I want to be when I grow up. Otherwise, imagination would've not gotten us to where we are right now. Finally, Imagination is something that brings people together like art and creative things. It also brings us joy and things that we don't really image on our daily bases. Although, knowledge is not important than imagination I still think that Knowledge can be used in someway and help me with something. Therefore, I think that imagination is more important than knowledge because it helps me with my daily bases work at school, home, sports and all kinds of other things that I do.