What would you do if you fail your online classes? Some schools now offer online classes to make the student's life easier. I do not agree with the schools that offer distance learning, because it could be difficult for students to understand the online notes or videos, the students always need a teacher to ask questions, and the student's parents need to pay internet at home. Also, the internet is expensive, and some parents can not afford. First, it can be beneficial for the students to attend at school because there are more activities and sports, where they can have fun with their friends. Also, the teachers are always there to help and explain better the subjects. From my own experience, I need to be with a teacher to understand what is the topic about, that helps me to pass my exams and my classes. Even thought, there are some teachers that are very strict and irritate the students, but the teachers know that is beneficial for the students future. Therefore, being at home the whole time it is so boring because the students need to be studding and not having fun. That is why some students cannot develop them knowledge because they do not take fresh air and entertain them minds with someone else. For example, my friend Generic_Name she is at the Community College and the teachers offer some online classes, and she decided to take it. But now she is frustrating because she has to watch some boring videos, and she has to take quizzes constantly. She told me that she miss all her friends and her classmates. After all, certain student do not have their mind clear enough attending to school; now imagine how difficult would be for them to take online classes without a teacher. For example, Generic_Name was taking online courses because he got sick, so he could not attend to school for one year. Then, he came back to school, he was so disappointed because he mists a lot of stuff from his subject. He had to stayed after school, and he had to go to summer school. Well, so far I have not take online classes, but I take my friends experiences that is not easy. Finally, in my opinion is not a great idea that the students take online classes, if they want to move faster and achieve in the future. Some teachers think that online classes is easier for the students, then attending to school because the students take them own time to study. But the consequences is when the students fail their subject, and they had to take it again in school. "The more the students attend to school. The smarter they have grown."  