I agree that first impression is almost impossible to change. No matter what you always want to stand out of the crowd and show the best of you. People are always going to think of you of how you first were when they met you. The first impression isn't just about you acting in a certain way. It's also about you showing them your character but most important to get them thinking good things about you. I have three examples of why first impression is important. My first example is that Generic_Name want's his parent's to meet his girlfriend. He thinks that's her first impression of how she acts or on how she greets her self toward's them is something his parents are going to be looking at. Most Guys like Generic_Name want their girlfriend to have a good first impression, so their parents like her. Then second example is on the first day of school teacher's always want to give their student's a good first impression about them. Either on how they teach or how smart and fun they are or anything, so the students like them. Last but not least my third example is when a school goes on a field trip to a museum or to another school. They want to have a good first impression on any other school that's there or anyone one because, you're representing your school. There are people who believe that first impression by a person doesn't always show how they really are. For example when you're on a date, and you might be dressed in a way or talking with a different type of slang. But that doesn't truly demonstrate that if the first time you guys went on a date. That on the second date you can give a better impression than you did the first date. You can't always judge someone by their appliance or on how they are. Another example is that if you're best friend thinks that you want to be with the prettiest girl in school you might want to step it up and change the way you are. You can change the way you are and the first time you meet her you were rude, but you're best friend thinks she will like you if your sweet and friendly. Not everyone thinks the first impression is hard to change. However, I still believe that the first impression is the most important no matter what the situation is. I also still believe that the first impression is hard to change. Some people are different from others they don't all believe the same thing but in my case it's hard to change how people see you the first time because, after that they are going to always look back at that and remember how you were. You always want people to think he is best of you because, there going to be a situation that if they need someone they are going to look for you. To the people that think first impression aren't important they really are. You always want to show people the best of you no matter what. It doesn't matter who you're with or where you are it's always about showing the best about you, so people can always look back see that you stand out in between so many people they will look at you. For example If you're getting a job, and you have a job interview at a certain time; You either might want to be there earlier then the time they gave you or on time. You have to impress the boss or the person interviewing you and blow their mind and why you would be a good person to be hired for that position.  