All schools have different educational activities, including playing an instrument. There are so many things you can do when you play an instrument. Everyone has seen marching bands doing all types of exciting things in the middle of a football game. Have you not seen the routines they make, those take hard work! Orchestras play classical music and make their sound flow in the room. Not only do they play classical music, but they also play loud and exciting music. Everything you can do while playing an instrument is enjoyable. Some things are more enjoyable than others like being able to listen to yourself making good music, going on fun field trips, and being able to find all different types of music. While playing an instrument you play all different types of music, and all the pieces of music are good. When you hear yourself play a song well you get a boost of confidence. Hearing your class play well makes you confident that your concert will sound great. It feels good to know that you're capable of playing music that others who aren't able to do. You get to enjoy the amazing sound your class makes. Whenever you play an instrument you normally audition for the class you want to get into and when you get into it, you are full of joy. It's always nice to know that you can achieve the level that you want to achieve. The opportunities you get while playing an instrument are endless. When being in band or orchestra you get the opportunity to go on field trips. Schools don't normally go on field trips unless the students are in band or orchestra. They offer the field trips to people who play an instrument because of all their hard work they put into it. All the field trips you go on are enjoyable because of the people in your class. You always make friends whenever you join band or orchestra. Some schools know that the students want more fun, so they include more field trips than others. Every field trip is a gift to the students who play their instruments from the school. Some places that schools go to are Kings Dominion, Busch Gardens, Hershey Park, and many more exciting places. Those all have roller coasters, water activities, and carnival games, who wouldn't want to go there. Every movie or show has a soundtrack which the classes can play. You can always search up the sheet music to any song you want to play. You can also make your own sheet music and play that yourself. Furthermore, you can play every song on an instrument. People enjoy playing the music they've wanted to play since they first started playing an instrument. There are movies that people love and the people who can play an instrument are able to play that movies theme song. Not a single song cannot be put in sheet music so, if anyone ever wanted to play their favorite song they could search it up, and it would pop up. Even though some songs are harder to make sheet music for their still possible to do. When playing an instrument, practice does make perfect. Nothing about playing an instrument is easy, but everything about it is fun. The effort put into playing your instrument does pay off at the end. Playing well can make you so happy and proud of yourself. Not only are you proud of yourself, but others are proud of you. Being able to play an instrument is a privilege that not everybody gets. There is nothing that can stop someone from becoming a part of the music community. The friends you can make and go with to the exciting field trips. Play all the music you've ever wanted to play. Everything you can do in band is limitless. 