Having activities after school are good ideas for students, so they would spend the time doing good things and not thinking in make bad decisions, and we do not need more bad people in this world we need more good people to success in this world. Although some people think that schools should control the students' involvement in extracurricular activities nevertheless, the students should decide if the student wants to do extra activities after school because students would have the freedom to decide and some students needs that time to study or to work. First, students need to have the freedom to decide if they want to do actives after school for example some students work after school sometimes they need that time to make money to help their parents to pay bills like rent or water. If the students have activities after school they would not be able to help their parents. Also, some students need to take care of their family members like their brothers, sister or cousins. If the students do not help to take care of their family members their parents would have to pay somebody else and that would mean spend more money for them. The students who work are also learning more skills so in the future they would not be lazy, and they are learning how an adult life is that is not too easy, but they would be lucky because they would have learned that when they were younger. Also, sometimes parents decide for the students to do an activity that they not even like which it means that the students would not be happy, and they would have a lot of stress is better that if they want to do an activity they should decide what they want to do not be a parents decision. Second, students need this time after school to do homework or to study. For example if the students have activities after school they would be late at home, and they would be tired which it means that they would not study or do their homework, so they would get bad grades and if they try to do their schools' homework they would stay up late which it means that they would not get enough of sleep, so they would be sleeping and lazy at class the next day. Also, students need this time to take a break from the school and relax students school's life if hard sometimes they need a break from everything to came back with more energies. Having enough time to study would help the students to improve their skills at school so in the future they would have more opportunities to find a good job that they would enjoy, and they make money to have a decent life and support when they have a family. This shows that students should decide if they want to do extra activities after school because students can have the freedom to decide and the if the students have activities after school they would not have time to study or to do their homework. In my conclusion the life of a student is not easy they need to know how to manage their time, so they can go to work or sometimes study they also have things to do at their house taking care of their family members. Student needs to choose if they have extra energy to do activities after school. Students would have a lot of time in the summer vacations, so they can decide if they want to do and activities they would know how to manage their time to work and take care of their families' member, but they would be also enjoying their time doing activities.  