Soccer, all people like to play soccer, and other fascinate to play soccer. First, Many people, like to play soccer because someone like to won some cup, other like soccer to distracted his main, other like soccer to live all problem in the field. I think soccer is the most game in the world because when you won the game, you will be excited when you take the cup with you hands. Someone like to each the game and like when his team are wining the game. Second, Some people don't like when his team is losing the game, some people are luck like angry when his team listed the game, I think people need to know soccer is to distract person, but the aficionado will put angry with the team, the people need to know what the team won't be won every game, but the aficionado don't see that, the aficionado want what the team won all the game.Then, soccer player wee luck like happy when the game was finish, but the aficionado is angry because his team lost the game, some player talk with the finite and say to the aficionado, everyone need to know the team never will be won all game; Everyone need to know that if you will be stayed with the team you need to stay with in the bad, and the good too, but some aficionado stay with the team only when the team won the game. In the reason is that aficionado need to stay with the team every time. Inaddition, Some aficionado don'ttheir if the team lost games, in the player appreciated when some aficionado don't say anything if the team lost the game, in the team work hard and train to won all game, when the aficionado will stay happy with team, or with player do really good job in the game, in some players tell to the affectionate the team will be train to won the game for you aficionado thanks to stay with the tam. Finally, the alienate is happy with the team because the team won the champion cup, but the reason is that team won the game and champion cup is because some aficionado stay with the team every moment never lived the team, In the team never give up, but the team know when the team is happy or angry, but the team contuse with season and play all the games. Conclusion: I think an aficionado in the world, née to stay happy with his team, but the fascinate don't see when his team train to for everything right and train to won the game.Others think aficionado née to stay with his team in bad, ND good too. Some aficionado, say goodbye to the team when the team lost some game in the season, but someone stay with team the aficionado will stay with team don'ttheir ID the team Los the aficonathe will be stayed with team.