Working alone, students do not have to argue with others about decision of their projects and have to work with someone they do not know; however, most students prefer to work as a group because students are able to dived work, to share ideas and to help each other. Working with a group allows students to work more efficiently. Personally and due to the facts, I would prefer to work with a group because working with other is more beneficial for students. Firstly. Most students are required to do many projects during each marking period which is too much for each student, and specially when there is a big project for each class that worth 10% of the period's grade, but working with a group the project might be divided to each person in the group, and share between them. Each student have different and unique qualities that can be helpful to do certain parts of projects that for others can be difficult to do. Secondly. Working with a group might be also seen as opportunity for student of gaining values of cooperation which is important to have due to many companies assign jobs to two or more people to realize them because of the different knowledge they can provide to each other. Companies usually use the phrase:"Work as a team"to make their productivity more efficiently. Teachers should see this as way of helping students to get experiences of working as team, and also that way, we as students would get knowledge of others. By allowing students to work with group teacher might be helping student to get more confident about their due to the fact that students can discuss between each other the topics and Louis forward the best way of doing them. Schools are allowing students to stay after school which is perfectly fine for those students that are not able to go to a house of one the members of the group. A group might be also helpful for those students that are having issues turning their work on time because; now, they can get be supported by other and be more productive. To conclude, No students should be in the position of having a big project with no enough time without the opportunity of work with a group. Many companies are assigning jobs to be done by more than one person, they know that a team works more efficiently than one person, and teachers should do the same in their classes to help students to get their grades up, and also to be productive on turning work in. Working with a group should be allowed for students during classes to improve their qualities of cooperation and to have different points of view to do the best for subject.