Many people disagree with Albert Schweitzer's quote, "Example is not the main thing in influencing others; it is the only thing." They think that he meant that it doesn't matter who did it, that the thing that matters is the example. In my case, Albert Schweitzer was right on his quote. Although many people say that there are better ways to influence others than just with your own experience because there are famous people with more interesting examples, actually the best way to influence others is setting a good example on your own behavior because it shows that you were capable of doing it no matter how hard it was for you and yet you still did it, and also you will inspire other people to do their own example based on your ideas. Some people say that there are better ways to influence others because than with your own experience because there are famous people with more interesting examples. Meaning that you have to be someone important in order to influence others. They say that intelligence is another way to influence others because if you're not smart you won't make a good example for others to follow. In conclusion, they say that you have to be a skilled and important person to have a huge influence on others. Actually, the best way to influence other is not being someone important in society but setting a good example on your own behavior. It will show that that even though it was hard for you to do your example, in the end you still did it. That show that no matter who you are or where you come from as long as you have determination you will achieve your goals. Look at Barack Obama for example, he's a black man, and yet he still managed to become President of the United States. That really had a huge impact in the black community and inspired many of them to work hard for their goals. Also, you will inspire other people based on your own ideas. An article on New York Times shows that most of the people based their ideas on other people's examples, which means that if you continue working hard to achieve your goals you will appear on one of those articles and will inspire others. Think about it, wouldn't you like to hear that one person gave you credits because became successful because he read about your experience, and he based his ideas on that experience of yours? In conclusion, many people will say that in order to influence others you need to become somebody important, but you know what? That doesn't matter! As long as you have determination and great creativity you will achieve your goals and will inspire many people to follow their dreams no matter how much it will cost them. Like Albert Schweitzer said, "Example is not the main thing in influencing others; it is the only thing." It doesn't matter what people say, the one that has the power to inspire others is you! 