Well the best option for my is what you attend the classes from home by way of online. My reason or my thought is, what you can't learn, in online classes, and thought what you can do it, doing others for, k in you free time, and the school has good ideas for student what take, classes like after school just in home. So in my position is that because if you work so is you can't take the class for one hour, and you work, and is more benefit for myself but, each person has different ideas. Examples:If you not have work is more time for you, for what you keep doing you class online. If you what the class. You have more time for to think best for work online and make a good work and your class. With these examples are much more for what you take any option or my option what is the best or better already is in you home. If you not have time like time complete is for that what you take this option ya what has work and not time like for stay in the school all the time. Others examples are when you have 18-year-old has too much responsibilities and others case it's not easy. I think when a teacher said you need that class is for one reason, and you need take that class, but you can't took with you teacher what, is better for you. So and my opinion or my position is taken class from home in online, and to much better what, take video conferencing. One reason because I'm take that option is because in my home is relaxed, and with food and alone and not voices and nothing, and in my home take my time for think better I think is the most important for my work in home and I think what the work in online is not easy so need my time for to think, and good ideas and good answer, and the idea is what you learn with any option you take for this case. The student in this time has more option for any problem. One reason for what I take this option is for the time ya what much student are major or not have much time for coming a school because the work or others case. Other reasons what the student takes this option is because is home not in other place ya what not has ride or cars for take that class or classes en other place. My intentions are what others student take this option what is classes from HOME because is the best, option for any case too if you want free time is easier for you take this class or classes home by way of online, and is more choice that idea and minus difficult just what in home or online you not have teacher for explain any question so for that reason is little complicate but not impossible make you work, so you can't do it, forever you want, nothing is this life is impossible but too not is easy everything is sacrifice. ABD you have seen you work good and past the class sin difficult. My reference is the option classroom HOME BY WAY OF ONLINE. Is the best option and more benefit for learn in home, and easier for the time or others problem and I cant wait what everything stay good for my class or classes.  