Dear principal, I'm writing this letter to let you know my opinion on the idea of change the school lunch menu into a new healthier menu. I think that it would be a good idea change the lunch menu to be more healthy because it will help the students to consume less unhealthy food, can help students to stay healthy and could encourage the students to begin eat healthier. Students consume unhealthy food on school almost every day, change the menu into a healthier will help students to consume less unhealthy food. Eating unhealthy food daily could damage students in many different sways. One these ways is that could bring students diseases such as heart problems or could cause obesity in a young age. Additionally, change the menu could not just be beneficial for students it could also help teachers and personal staff as well to consume less unhealthy food daily. By having a healthier menu could help the students to stay healthier because they will be eating the proteins that they needed to developed better. Also, this could help students to do better in things such as sports, and their respective classes on school. Another advantage of this menu is that will give students the opportunity to try something new instead of having the same food that they're having been having year over year. In addition, by doing this could might make students realize that having this menu is not just to force them to eat food that they don't like, instead is to keep and them stay healthy. Even though that some students will might think that this would be a bad idea because will eliminate some of their favorite food, I think it will be helpful for them because by doing this will encourage them to begin to eat healthier, because that could help them now and on the future. Also, this could encourage them to convince their friends and family to begin to eat health because this could prevent them from having a disease just for eating unhealthy food. In conclusion, I think that change the school menu into a new healthier lunch menu is a good idea, because it will help the students to consume less unhealthy food, could help them to stay healthy and could encourage them begin to eat healthier. Those are the reasons that make me think this way, I hope this letter could help you decide that implement this plan is a good idea to change the school for better. Thank you for your time, dear principal.