I believe that schools should not adapt to a four-day work week each consisting of ten hours. Ten hours of school in one day is too much for a student. Not only is this too much time for a student, but it would interfere with sports and clubs that they do. On top of that some students also have jobs that they have during the day. For some students sports and clubs mean so much to them. They might want that sport as a career. If student were to do the four-day work week it would affect them physically and mentally. Students might not even make it on time to that four o'clock practice or that very important meeting because of the ten hours. Being late, not getting much playing time in the sport you want to exceed in, and worried about school work that you have to make up, and that could lead up to stress. Ten hours in school is a lot of time and that could be too much for a student, it can lead to stressing over too much work and being tired. Ten hours can take out a lot of a students day and could interfere with there schedule. Student also need free time, with the ten hours they wouldn't have much time because of school work, sports, and jobs. In addition, ten hours of school work is just a lot of time, not all students would have that kind of energy to work for ten hours. Students have jobs after school and need money. Therefore with these ten hours students wouldn't have much time to work because of school work and other activities. Jobs are important to students because maybe parents don't give them everything they need for school. Some students struggle with just there overall day schedule. Ten hours would make it worse, and wouldn't be good for their heath.in conclusion students care about sports and clubs, also sees that as a future career. Including that ten hours takes too much time out of your day and that you don't have much free time for yourself, family, and friends. Students care about jobs because they need money to help them out with school and other things. Ten hours in school just wouldn't be right in a whole day when you can only do so much.  