In some societies' student are expected to identify a career by the time they enter high school. Although, some people say its bad idea because the student doesn't care anymore about his school. Overall, some people say its good idea to student work in this time because you can save money from know until you be a man. First, some people say its bad idea. For example, the student when he sees the money he will not care anymore about school and his grade will go down, and maybe he will repeated the year again. Student is bad to work because if he has friend they don't work and the guy who work see his friend not working, and he just work they will have a big problem. However, is bad idea to student work know because he will not care anymore about his high school. Second, some people think is good idea to student in high school to work know. For example, when the student work from know, and he save money he will come a man to go to college he will have good money to go to the college, For example, student or other gay work's from they younger they can save a good money and when get like a man to get married they can look up the money and get it fast they can buy a house very fast, and he doesn't get worried about the money. In addition, is good idea because the student can grow up, and he will have good money. In conclusion, In some societies, student are expected to identify a career by the time they enter high school. I think is good idea for me but is not a bad idea is good idea because I can save money know and when I became a big man and my friend there reach, and they want to travel to Generic_City I will say yes I can, but is bad idea because if my friend ask me and I don't have money I am can say no. In societies, some people say to be a younger guy is good to work. Although some people say is not a good idea to work because your can be tired. Overall, some people say its nice idea to work because you can help your family. First, some people say is bad idea because you will get tired. For example, if you work after school like from 4pm to 12am you will get tired, and you leave far away you will have to sleep from 1am to 7am. Then you will have to wake up around 7am and go to school so your not can get too much of sleeping. For example, the work made you tired from 2 weeks if you are never work at anything before and if you think you are big guy, and you work like at restaurant and you a bad manager maybe he will talk to you in bad away maybe you will fight him. Tradition, is bad to work because you will get tired and you maybe you will get an fight with someone, and you go to jail. Second, some people say its good idea to work because you can help your family. For example, I think the work is good because you help your family when you working like you get paid, and you give your dad like 500 hundred, and he can pay some thing. Although, like when you work and get like one thousand dollar from the work you give your dad a good money, and he can pay and when you see your dad happy and your God is happy from you will live all life in a good way. Result, I think is good idea because I do something I work after school from 4pm to 1am so that mean I work for 9 hours and I work every Monday, Wensday, Friday,Star day andSuday, so I make every 2 weeks one thousand dollar I gave all my money to my dad. When I see my dad is happy from me, I feel so happy because I know that my God happy from me, my dad open for me account in Wells Fargo and until know I am saving money and I have 1 thousand dollar. In conclusion, In societies, some people say to be a younger guy is good to work. I think is good because if you help your dad and your dad is happy from you, you can lie all your life happy, and you became a good dad and you will have a godchildren like you, I my country there a sentence it's say"how you trade your mom and dad your children become trade how you trade your mom and dad". I know that everyone in these world need to become a dad and mom.