Some schools offer distance learning from there house students can learn from there homes by online classes and by doing video conferencing. I think students cannot get education for 2 to 3 hours by sitting home or by talking on video call. If you want to get education you need learning environment to learn something. You cannot learn anything by sitting in home some students get tired, and sometimes you get lazy by sitting home and doing nothing. If you want to learn something you have to be present in class physically and mental in order to learn something. They should use these options when there is bad weather or ice roads outside so that students do not miss there education due to the bad weather students can keep up with their classes and with their grades.I don't agree on talking online classes for whole year while sitting home sometimes you do not know how to solve problems while sitting home some students do not have a Wi-Fi facility at their homes how they are supposed to take classes on online if they do not have laptop or Wi-Fi at their house. All the students should come to the school if they want to get education in order to get their diploma. Students who do not have any source of coming to school, but they do have laptops it can help them to get there diploma while sitting home. Students who got injuries and cannot come to school for 1 month because there doctor gave him or her bed rest for 1 month this option can help him so that he or she does not miss there whole month so that they can keep up with their grades so that he or she does not fall back, and they can get there diploma. Some students who work 5 to 6 days in a week and cannot get up early in the morning this program can help them to get there diploma by staying and taking there test online and video conferencing with their teacher. I do not think all schools should start this program we all have to use technology, but you cannot learn whole year while sitting home and doing video call you have to be in learning environment to learn something because when you get to the collage things are total different no one going to help you if you do not want to learn all the students have to do everything by there self.