What is knowledge with little to no imagination? If you had a mind filled of knowledge but with barely any imagination then that would be the same as eating an Oreo with a dusting of cream in the middle. Just constant knowledge is boring, but adding imagination is like adding sprinkles on to a boring vanilla cake. Quantum physicist, Albert Einstein once said, "Imagination is more important than knowledge." Einstein is indeed correct because there are many ways' imagination is more important than knowledge. One reason why imagination is greater than knowledge is that of the ability to imagine the unthinkable. For example, how do you think Albert Einstein learned and explored the unknown of quantum physics? He used his mind to imagine the unthinkable. How you think Elon Musk came up with the idea to start a colony on Mars? He imagined in it all in his head. How do you think Steve Jobs invented the iPhone? He used imagination to gain that knowledge. Imagination is what fuels the mind to create knowledge. It's all in the head, that's where it all starts from. Another reason why imagination is important is because of the benefits of using your imagination often. For example, using your imagination often will have you obtain a more creative and detailed mindset overall. You can also do many cool things using your imagination such as lucid dreaming, invent new ideas, or even train your mind to see the world differently. You should always use your imagination often to strengthen it. Furthermore, you should also try lucid dreaming to come up with brand new or more innovative idea while using your already known knowledge. Finally, the last reason why imagination is more important than knowledge is that it can change you mentally and physically. How imagination can change you mentally as a person is by making you a better person or be a more fun person overall. How imagination can change you physically as a person is by motivating you to be a better by work outing and or going on jogs pretty often. As a result, using your imagination can change you in many ways as described above, unlike knowledge. In conclusion, I agree with Einstein and his idea about how imagination is more important than knowledge. Using your imagination is benefiting, motivating, changing all in different ways. No matter who you are, you will be changed by the different ways' imagination can affect you and on your already known knowledge. Imagination is a lot more important than you think it is.