Do we accomplish more if we are always doing something? Yes we accomplish more if were always doing something but only if what we're doing benefits us. Why? Because if we're always doing something then we would succeed more in life, we would always be active and doing something productive. But it also depends on what kind of activities you're doing and if what your doing is going to benefit you later on in the future. Because if what your doing isn't benefiting your future then there's no point of doing something that doesn't help you out for later on in life. For example sports, if your always doing sports then that would be a great way to benefit your future and also a good way to stay active. The reason I say this is that by playing sports you could have many opportunities. Like getting scholarships into different universities, especially if you're great at playing the sport. And also it's another way to help you stay fit because your always doing some type of exercise in any kind of sport. So that brings me to my next example. Another example is exercising, if you like exercising, going to the gym and just being active in general then that's another great thing to do that'll help you accomplish and benefit your future. Why I say this is because by being active it's going to help you to always stay fit and healthy. And how that benefits you in the future is because whenever you get older you won't have that many health problems or issues with your body, so you'll always stay fit. What'll also help out a lot is by always eating healthy so that's something else you could do to help you accomplish and benefit your future. Also working is something you could always do that'll help you accomplish more in life. Why I say this is because if your always working then that means you'll always have money. And having money would help you out in a lot of things. For example, it could help you out in school, for a car, food, clothes, etc. Or you could also save up money for whenever you might need it for an emergency. It'll also benefit you by always having something to do so that way you won't just be home doing anything. So in conclusion, doing something is always going to help us accomplish more in life. I don't believe inactivity serves a purpose because you won't accomplish anything if you're not doing something that benefits you. You always have to be active and doing something productive if not you won't be successful in life. That is why I say that you have to do something that benefits you, so you could succeed in the future. So yes, we accomplish more if we are always doing something.