Hello dear reader. In the follows paragraphs I would like to tell you what I think about this issue because I believe that everyone got opinions or some ideas about this new "proposal" as well. First, I would like to discuss if this "proposal' makes since to me or not and with are the advantages and disadvantages. First thing I may say is the advantage and the disadvantage that we probably can see or find in the proposal. One advantage that comes along with this proposal is one schools day less. If the school follows the whole proposal; we can say or expect that Friday or anyway will be off; with means no school for us. In addition, we will have three days free. So, we can spend more time doing what we most love or enjoy. In the other hand, we have the disadvantages. I personally found one Hugh disadvantage, the time. I personally think that the time that we will spend in the school is a lot. Just think about it, how do you go to fell staying about 10 hours in the same place, specially when that place is not home. You might be got uncomfortable, or little irritable. Secondly, I totally agree with the proposal because we going to get more help on schools subject with is good for us. Also, we will available to do more school activities such as sports, fell trips, math stuff or any other amazing things. Besides, we will learn more things such as language stuff. Like I said in my leis sentence more time in the school could work for many of us. Lastly, One more day free. We gonna spent more time in school, but at the same time we also can get one more day free. Following the proposal we also can get other day free like Saturday or Sunday with is good for us because that day could be any day of the week. So, this means that we are available to do more things that we most enjoy or love, for example, play video games, go to the park, take walls and other amazing things. Conclusion, the new proposal has a good advantages over the disadvantages. I completely agree with this, and I am sure the proposal is benefit and will work for us. Also, we will save energy and resources, at the same time we going to get benefits from it.  