Success consists in how people manage their own enthusiasm and how responsible they are about their acts. Every person makes mistakes every day, and they are responsible for it, but that is how people learn every day from every mistake they have committed from the beginning until now. Mistakes help you learn and get better and better until you understand the concept about what you are doing. Some people think that by making mistakes you will fail something, but notes that at the end you will get results from it. A lot of people fail every day and that doesn't mean that you're not perfect because no one is perfect in these world, but the main idea is to look for the best way to manage or do something and also to keep forward. Failure is just the key to keep looking forward in these world. We have the opportunity to make mistakes and learn from it, that is how people progress to became someone in the future. Failure is a lesson that these world give us to keep learning and at the end to find a solution and continue our lives. However, there are a lot of people that think that failure is like a stop sign that don't let us keep looking forward, but failure is just a process in which people advance to find results that will help them to survive in this life. Some people stop where they are just because they fail on something, they think that they can not keep going forward just for a little mistake they have committed, and they also give up. The word failure doesn't mean that you should stop on what you are trying to do. Failure is a strong word that teach us get up, find the best results and keep living our lives. Failure is progress in which every person create their own future. By failing people analyzed that they keep learning and at the same time they are creating a better future in which they will have better lives. The word failure gives us the enthusiasm to maintain the resistance to keep fighting for what we really want to reach, that help us that at the end we would get better things in order to keep living.