Do you think it's a good idea to have someone make your decisions for you all the time? There is something you should know about having a person make decisions for you, and making decisions for yourself. I think making your own decision is the best way to solve life important problems, and I will tell you why I think so. Making your own decisions is a sign of taking your life to the next level in many ways. Ways such as maturity, self-confidence, determination, and intelligence. The reason why taking others advice all the time isn't good is because there is going to be a time when no one will be there for you when you make that life-changing decision or in a situation where you have to make the decision right away. When you learn to follow your own instincts and learn to make your own decisions is the moment you can show others that you are a responsible for your actions, That you are a fully matured adult. At the end of the days it's all about what's best for you and the people around, the people who depend on you. Having someone make your decisions for you is a sign that you are not ready for the real world. Like I said before, you will get to that specific point in your life when you are just going to have to make this important decision. That's why it's always important to learn to follow on what you think is right. Your dependents when you were a kid, always taught and told you what the best thing to do is. So when you get old enough to make decisions on your own, you know what's best for you. The times you should be taking advice from others is when you're a learning child. A child learning off examples from your parents or dependable. The times when you should be making decisions for yourself is the times when you have learned off these examples as a child from your dependents, now to grow up as an adult and do what's best for you. And the cycle continues. I think its more understandable when you put it that way. In conclusion, self decision-making shows you are a responsible adult in many ways. And most importantly shows you are ready for obstacles that will come in your way in the real life. Depending on others just shows you still need people to make these decisions for you even thought there will certainly be a time when there will be no one but you. And this will really hurt you if you don't start to take responsibility for yourself and your dependents. So yes, I think people should make their own decisions.