" How village people get education "A village have a school, and they are divide learning the people, they offer for distance learning. They do meeting for that and everybody agrees for that. After few weeks start the class. Some students visit everywhere, and they try to teach to village peoples and attend to them. They think village peoples learning everything. What they are need? I think"yes" students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home. My first reason is some village have or had no one go to school. They're just doing hard work. One day some peoples visit this village and they decide. They will be taught to them. Then, they are start the classes. Some people think it's crazy. When everybody learning they know it's good for everybody. They taking online or video class for how they are making garden? How they are growing up? How they can't do hard work? First issue is how they think about that? My second reason is I think the peoples they don't doing any study they will be faced any problems. This why they need to study. Some people thing study is bad thing of life. How we solve this problem? The people teach to them many things for examples:1. Girls under 18 they don't get the married.2. How control the birth?3. They are needed a nice future.4. Boys and Girls need the education. My third reason is I response for the reasons because whole world peoples need the good education or generation of future. Because who didn't get study they no how can talk to peoples. I agree for that because peoples need the education. The village people now go to school, and they send to child in school. They students help to them everything what they need to every daily life. My circulation is one second, one minute, one day, one month, and one year peoples need the study or education. Because people don't get study they will be got poor. I agree with this school they decide good idea for the village peoples. The learning is don't finish because will lean every day something new. Study can't be finished when you will be died. Also, they need to do how the students teach to them and how they are learning.  