Some people believe in praising a students work to build self-esteem, even if the work is not the best effort. They believe that the students must be self-confident in order to learn. Others believe that praise given to deficient work undermines learning by lowering standards. They believe the source of true self-esteem is achievement. True self-esteem is from achievement, it encourages students reach their goals, being a good role model, and being determined for their success. Students self-esteem comes from achievement, once one goal is achieved students will have confidence, which will cause students to achieve more goals. Students achieving their dreams will encourage others to try their hardest to succeed more. Students will become better leaders by encouraging others to accomplish their dreams as well. This will give students a mindset to not give up easily. When students see others achieve their goals it gives them hope to be able to do the same, which leads to students trying their best to turn in their assignments on time and give their full effort on topics they're given. However, students having success allows them to be good role models for older and younger generations. Students prove others what's like to achieve their goals and have the emotional support they need to continue their dreams. Students set a good example on how others can accomplish their own goals. Students having confidence and helping others achieve their dreams helps build their self-esteem, which helps students learn better about others and ways to accomplish more goals. Being a good leader will help in many ways to succeed by, helping others with emotional support and guiding them to their dreams. Students will be very confident when their goals have been accomplished and helping others to succeed as well. In conclusion, Self-esteem comes from achievement. Students build their self-esteem by encouraging students to try their best on assignments, having emotional support, and accomplishing their dreams. True self-esteem comes from achievement, it motivates and encourages students to reach their goals. Self-esteem leads students to become a good role model.  