"SNORE, SNORE" every time that I do something I do not I feel so lazy. I think if we accomplish more if we are always doing something. I believe that your mind do not get lazy, and you feel productive. For example, if you go to school, have a job, and help other people. If you do many things every time later on you will always want to do something. I also know that you can do something without doing nothing and one them is being at of problems. Like Thomas Jefferson wrote," never to be idle" that means that do not be the type of people that do not like to do nothing. First, I believe if you go to school you will accomplish more because your mind is going to be busy. In my opinion, I feel that I do a lot more than just not do anything because: I wake up on time, I go to school every day, I do my home woks after school, and I feel productive by going to school. Also, when I do not understand something I ask the teacher for help and if my classmate need my help I do my best by giving them information about the class. If I keep my mind busy I feel good because I experience talking with my classmate. Second, having a job help you by giving you experience for the future. For example, when I started working In my first job I learned a lot of things like how to use a computer, I though that I was never going to learn it, but I did it, and now it help me for my education. Next, now I know that the way of accomplish something you need to have interest to do it. If you do not have interest or if you want to do nothing you are never going to accomplish anything because the best way of do it is by doing something. In my second job I did not know how to use a cellphone, but I put all my interest to learned and help my customers by taking their orders. Now in my third job I know many things like :answer the phone, take orders, and especially how give a good customer service. Third, I think helping other people is way of accomplish something. If you help people like homeless you are going to have the opportunity to talk to them and understand why they do not have a place to live or a family to support them. I think this is the best way because some people prefer to leave their home because they do not like the rulers of their parents. This is not the best solution that people should take because everyone need a support of someone. And the best way of accomplish something no matter what it is by obey and listen the old people who always have the right because they have more experience than us. For example, one day I was homeless because my parents left me with my two brothers and I did not have food to give to them every time that they asked for food my eyes were tearful because they were little, and also they did not understand the situation. Now when I see people asking for food it remains me that one day I was like them. I chose to write about we accomplish more if we are always doing something. I believe that you accomplish a lot of things by always doing something and I said by going to school, find a job, and helping other people. Furthermore, I believe t I also know that you can accomplish other things by doing something different, but I chose help my self and others. Also, I understand that you can accomplish something by doing nothing but one of then is by been at of problems. By doing all of this I considerate my self accomplishing many things.