The debate was using cell phones in the classroom for educational purposes. Some people think using cell phones in the classroom is not good because as soon they grab phones, they will start texting their friends. Some people feel that using cell phones for educational purposes is a good idea because they will do their work. I believe using cell phones in the classroom will distract students, they won't pay attention, and they will stop working. First reason why using cell phones will distract students because they will listen to music. They will start using Snap chat, Instagram, and Facebook. When my teacher tell us to take out your phones, the first thing I do is to text my friend. I don't like using cell phone because I'll get lazy to do work. Without using phone I have responsibility of doing homework and classwork. One day we were doing a group project, so one of my partner was using phone, and he was listening to the music. The teacher told us to share it with the class and give some more details while explaining. Three of us did what the teacher told us to, but the guy who used phone, he had no idea what to do then he got F for that assignment. Second reason why students should not be using cell phones because they won't pay attention to what the teacher is saying. It will create a big problem because teacher will get tired of explaining and none of the students will listen to her. Even I will stop paying attention because I will start watching my favorite TV show. Only few students will pay attention because they must have their parent's pressure, without that I can guarantee that no one will do what the teacher is telling them. Without paying attention to the teacher while she is giving instruction for the class will make students fail the class. Third reason why school should not allow students to use cell phones because they won't do their work. If I know that I can use my phone then I won't do anything because I get too lazy to do it. Without doing homework or classwork students will get F, and it will harm them after graduating from high school. When I was a junior, I was using my phone in the chemistry class while doing a lab. By mistake, I dropped chemical on my phone then I lost my phone because it stopped working and when I went home I told the whole story to my parents, they got mad at me. They said, "how can you be so irresponsible and why you used your phone while doing a lab that's why you have bad grades in the class and so on." As you have read, using cell phones in the classroom is not a good idea because many students will stop working. They won't do anything because students are addicted to their phones. Using cell phone is not beneficial because we lose the ability of working and focusing. Using phone won't make anyone smart, if they focus on doing work or listen to teacher that will make them smart and responsible people. Education is the key of success and taking that key will make you work hard.