I would like to visit two countries one of them is Spain and the other one is located in Central America and is my countries is Honduras but I have more like Generic_City, Generic_City, and Japan, and UK just to see their national things that they have. But my top two countries that I would visit is Spain and Honduras. You maybe be saying to yourself why is he wanting to visit the two countries. Well I picked Spain because Spain have a lot of good things like they national food. The national food of Spain people say that is delicious and like they want to try more. But there's one place that their food taste perfect and is Generic_City. Generic_City is a famous place in Spain because of their food and their soccer team oh yeah they have a soccer team if you don't know about soccer them let me tell you about it.Barça is a famous soccer team in Spain and in the whole world like if you know someone that likes soccer ask about Barça. Well Generic_City has a Famous stadium call Camp Nou and like they have the best soccer player in the whole world Messi and like I would like to watch a soccer game in that stadium like a classic or a Lisa game but yeah like I would like to watch a game in there. Talking about Barcelona there's a soccer team call real Madrid and that's FCB Generic_City enemy when they play we call it the classic cause two of the best team ever play together is a big thing for some fans that likes soccer and like I would like to try their food just to know how it tastes and same for Generic_City I'm not a big fan of Real Madrid but I would like to watch a soccer game in their stadium the stadium name is el Bernabéu is an another famous stadium. But an another place I would like to visit is the stadium of el Atlético why because I want to see the stadium of Atlético de Madrid I think the name of the Atlético stadium is el coliseum I think that's the name and there an another state in Spain that I want to go and is Generic_City why because I would like to see my favorites YouTuber house cause like I'm a big fan of him and like I have been following him in YouTube fences 4 years and like that's a dream for me too. A another place that I would like to visit is where I was born my countries Honduras. Honduras is located in Central America near Guatemala Belize and Salvador. Did you know that Honduras has a lot of frontiers with another countries? And like I would like to visit because I never went to watch a soccer game in Honduras stadium and i remember that I used to pass near in the car with my dad and my mom. We used to watch the soccer games on the tv me with my dad and my brother I used to remember that I were going to go for the first time a soccer game in the stadium but them it started to rain a lot, so my dad told us that we are OT going to the stadium no more because is going to be dangerous, so we were sad I was more sad and like I think I started to cry but like that was like 6 years ago. And like I have my most of my family in Honduras and i remember that I used to have two pets the first one was a dog and the second one it was a parrot and I used to have an another dog but the dog his name was ranger die because he AET something that's we could find but yeah. This is the last place that I want to visit and is Generic_City that's the last place that I want to visit, and you will be saying to yourself why this. And I would say let me tell you I will list this place because it has the world's largest tower in the world like there's rich people in there driving Bugatti and Ferraris and more cars that you don't see anywhere. I like this place because like you see like lions as a pet or a cheetah or anything like this people are crash. I lie to you there's an another place that I would like to visit and is Japan why because likes there's hunted places like the famous forest located in Japan and etc like I would like to try new type of food like there national food and there national place and like I'm more adventure guy. Furthermore, I like dangerous things i don't know why but I'm like that I could visit Australia why because I like any type of animal like snakes lions spiders and more and like I used to watch a TV show call Steve brings he dies bye a RAI fish but I used to watch it and like animals started to like them I sued to be scared of bees spiders frogs and that type of animals I wish I could have the type of job but that's all the places that I want to visit you got to know me. 