Many schools have partnerships with companies that can allow students to explore certain occupations through internships and shadowing opportunities to discover whether they are interested in pursuing that type of employment. In my opinion it's a good idea to allow students to explore certain occupations through internships and to discover whether they are interested or not. By allowing them to visit and explore, they are most likely to know what they want in life and in their upcoming future, and they can get a good job that pays money in the future. The first reason as to why it is a good idea to explore certain occupations through internships is because, students will most likely know what they really want to do in life, and it will help them start a good future. I have a cousin named Generic_Name, he has three kids named Generic_Name, Generic_Name, and Generic_Name. Believe it or not Generic_Name was chosen to go to Liberty University a few years ago. He went to the College to see if anything they taught was interesting. A few months later, Generic_Name started going to Liberty for a few years and finished off with straight A's. Today he owns his own business, and he is happy as ever. The second reason why it is good to explore certain occupations through internships is because, you are willing to get a good job that pays very well. I have another cousin named Generic_Name, He is the strongest and bravest person I have ever met. Generic_Name is the Airborne, he joined the air force a few years ago. He loved it there, although he said it was somewhat rough. He went to the Airborne because his parents didn't have enough money for him to go to college. After leaving the Airborne he chose to go to Liberty University as well, He absolutely loved it there. He graduated in 2015. He is now working for the FBI and I could not be any prouder of him than I am right now. A few weeks ago I went over to his house and he said "Generic_Name when I was in the Airborne it was rough for me, I felt like it was useless. Now I know that god put me in that position, because he wanted something big for me. I feel like I'm on top of the world I have never felt any better than I do today. I also have so much money too, thanks to the job I have they pay really well. One of these days I want to buy a mansion." I saw tears coming out of his eyes, and I felt so proud, I said to myself, "I want to feel like I'm on top of the world, I want something big for me." Many students may say that they don't care about college which is somewhat understandable. I was with a friend one day, and I was telling her about how I want to go to college so bad, but she didn't seem to care. She looked me in the eyes and said, "What's the point of college anyway, it's just like going back to hell. My parents never went and there fine." They also say that going to college is the worst thing ever. My friend once said, "Why do schools even give the opportunity to students to figure out where they want to go, we don't need college and we don't need a future either. I Actually like working at Wendy's." After my friends said those nasty things about college it just made me want to work harder in life and get better grades in school. In conclusion, exploring certain occupations through internships is not that bad of an idea, it's a brilliant idea. As I once said, I'm most likely to know what I want in the future, and I will get a good job that pays well. My cousins really have inspired me, because of them and their story, I want to be better, and I want to work harder. Maybe later in life I will be working for the government and I will make my future kids happy.