I agree that positive attitude is the key of success in life. Because the importance of having a good attitude is to never doubt yourself that you can't do it when all you have to put is work. Working hard is most of the common things you can do to pass High School and College. Then you start searching up for things that you're interested to do after you finish college like a job which you have to have a positive attitude to pass the interview and treat customers good. Positive attitude will change your life forever. One, Having a positive attitude will get you anywhere. You want to have a good image that its positive. You have to be hopeful and confident about the future. In many places is hard to find a good successful job, which all you have to do is have good attitude in front of the manager and if you get it keep your head up always don't let that ruin you. For example, there is a lot of opportunities for a good successful job, but you have to keep working hard until you get what you wanted. Two, Feeling good about yourself is sometimes what you need to have success. If It's necessary to take away people to have good feeling about you is good, so you can focus more on want to do in life. You are the only person that can control yourself or behavior. Take little five minutes to think and prove to yourself that you can do it without any help. For example, If you don't like Monday mornings all you have to do is reflect a positive thought on your mind that will make you happy the rest of the day. Three, Show your best work by doing right thing in life to success. If you have you head up always, and sometimes you need to think is good for yourself which make you a better person my reflecting a good image. Be honest to yourself and never take life for granted. Is important that you have a good positive attitude by doing this stuff which will led you to a good successful career. For example, You have a big interview that is going to require a lot hard work because this can define your future, and you want to be successful in life overall if you pass and have all the techniques you need you're good then, but if not then you will keep trying until you get it right. I agree that positive attitude is the key of success in life. In this life you can be whatever you want, but all you have to do is work hard. Have a positive mind set and positive attitude this will lead you to have a good thing in life. Have faith on yourself to get back what you want. The success don't come along in just one day you have to keep working hard to reach the top and have what you always wanted. Success will pay you off at the end when you have reach the top and all from it was to have a positive attitude and be the greatest person ever. This will show you that anything is possible to do in this world. What's impossible become possible.