I agree that you shouldn't aim high, because when you aim high you never have a staring point to your own process, if you aim high it could ruin your work ethic and how you see yourself, and lastly you can make multiple mistakes and correct it and make it perfect work, compared to aiming and doing horrible work and falling back down to the bottom. When you aim low you have way more time to gain information, practice on your work, and have a good idea on what you want to do. For example the creator of Microsoft Bill Gates he didn't just wake up one morning and said" I'm going to create a software system named windows" he woke up and began to study computers, and everything about how a software works. So aiming low gives you the advantage of failing and not giving up on what you want to become. Most people are always told to "aim high" the ones that are told to aim high will never be able to handle failure because they never aimed low first and then worked their way to the top, that is how setting your aim to high can make you fall short in life. Aiming high, and having a high expectation can really hurt your work ethic, Why you ask? Because once you aim high and never practice on your work that's how you fail, the way you work will not be the same compared to a person who aimed low and is making his or her way to the top. For example Denote West was an NBA basketball player he was perfect, until he began to use drugs once he did that he was kicked out of the NBA and is now currently poor. You see the reason why the NBA kicked him out of the league was because they have very high expectations for him and wouldn't expect him to do drugs at all but, if he was using drugs before he even entered the league and stopped using them completely and went to the NBA he would still be playing to this day that is a good example of aiming high and falling short and aiming low and achieving your mark. The only way to start in any journey or process that you do is to start from the bottom meaning aim low, and you'll achieve your mark. Aiming high can not benefit how you were able to make it to where you are now. That is true Michelangelo was right about aiming high and falling short. So you must start low first figure out your plan, then begin to improvise and get ideas on what you want to do, and begin your process, that is exactly how you achieve your Martin conclusion, I highly agree on what Michelangelo said "The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low, and achieving our mark" that statement was true, Aiming and string low first is how ideas come in, and you are able to see what you are working, and you show people what you can do until you reach your highest peak, instead of aiming high and failing and not knowing what to do now cause you failed. So start low first and go on from there.