I agree that people make their own decisions to learn about life, and be more independent. Sometimes it is difficult to follow advices, but that can make us a better person every day. As an illustration, every people comic defeats, yet that can teach us to be stronger people, and never give up. People will grow only if they start being independents, trying new things, and learn to be better by they own self. By being more independently, people will learn how to take their own decisions. People can start taking their own decisions when they do not live with their parents anymore. As an illustration, they can find a good work, pay their own things, and having the capacity to make their owns decisions. Besides, people have to have more responsibility; in order to take a decision because that can affect ourselves. However, that can makes us stronger, and be more prepared in life. Trying new experiences can also, teach us to be more independently, and learn about others people experiences in taking a decision. In fact, we can ask for advices to our parents or in someone that we trust because they will tell us what is good or what is bad for us. Additionally, sometimes there is people that the only thing that they do is judge us for the decision that we take, but that does mean that we are a bad person. We can propose to ourselves everything, and we should never get down. Learn to be better by our own self ca help us in many ways. That can be a benefit into our life because in the ways we can be more responsible with ourselves. For example, we can take many decisions, but sometimes we do not know if they are going to be good in the way how we planed them. Besides, we always can try to be a better person, and think more about every decision that we choose. Take good decision in our life we make us to have a better future. First, people can take any decision that they want, but it is better to take them with responsibility. Trying new thing can take us of our comfort zone, and that is good because we can think more about the good decisions. Lastly, we can learn how to be our best self without help. For these reasons and many more people should be more independently and try to take our own decisions.