The school plans to change to a new, healthier school lunch mean, which would eliminate some students' favorite cafeteria foods. School should change to a new, healthier school lunch mean for students to eat healthier food and be healthy. The school plans to change to a new, healthier school lunch mean, which would eliminate some students' favorite cafeteria foods. Most students eat unhealthy food almost all the time, and some students think it's fine, and it doesn't really affect their health. Some students eat unhealthy foods while playing video game, and while they are playing video game, they grab snacks that are laying on their table or the dresser such as: chips, candies, and energy drinks, which contains chemical and are unhealthy for them. Some students don't want to get up and go eat with their family or eat healthy food, because they do not want to miss the game that they are playing with their friends or playing online. School should change currant lunch menu to a new lunch menu, healthier school lunch mean for students to eat healthy food and be healthier. Students when go to lunch they just grab anything that they like, and they don't think if it's healthy or not for them. Some students eat unhealthy foods during lunch because they don't think about it, or they see somebody else eating something, and it makes them to try it, and want to look cool in of their friends, so they eat things that are unhealthy are them. Some students may not like the plane to change the school cafeteria lunch menu to healthier foods, because most students are now so used to eat same school lunch every day; but eventually, students will get used to new healthier school lunch menu, and they will feel a lot better than the use to, be healthy, and won't eat unhealthy food at school or at school. Lots of students don't really like eating healthy food, or drink healthy drinks like water, and juice, because it may not taste as good as unhealthy food. Unhealthy food and drinks contains chemicals that are not good for anyone's health, therefor the school cafeteria should change to a new, healthier school lunch menu. The school plans to change to a new, healthier school lunch mean, which would eliminate some students' favorite cafeteria foods. School should change to a new, healthier school lunch mean for students to eat healthier food and be healthy. The school should change a new, healthier school lunch mean, which would eliminate some students' favorite cafeteria foods, and drinks for students and the teachers to eat healthy food, all east at school if not eating healthy foods at home.