There are a lot of benefits of having a good attitude. The benefits of having a good attitude are in many ways. For example, you can help someone, Be kind, and be respectful to the people around you. You should also carry that good attitude everywhere you go, even during difficult times. Having a good attitude not just tells you or others to be good, but it also makes you a have a good, long, and a healthy life period. A lot of amazing people like Martin Luther King Jr, Mahatma Gandhi, and Nelson Mandela have credit their successes because of having a good attitude during good and difficult times in their life. For all three of these amazing freedom fighters we had seen these years, came from difficult times in their life often struggled during their early life. But they still had good thoughts, good plans, and good ideas all the time. They always thought positive and kept moving forward in their life. But there are also some ways that people can't get good thoughts, and it can affect them a lot and upsets their mood. When having a good attitude has also proven to be good even in Science. Science says that when you have a good attitude, you feel more active and more energetic, and you can active a lot of stuff with a good attitude. You keep carrying it out, and it helps you gain trust and motivation that you are up and ready for any task, that is out there for you to do. It can also can make you responsible in life and a trustworthy person that people think of you. But have you also wondered that a good attitude also means a balanced and healthy diet? You should also make better choices when you are in a good mood. If you don't make proper choices in life it can affect your mood and your behavior. The best thing to do is being to have the best good attitude is that you could take all the bad stuff in your head that you have experienced and put a lot of trust in yourself. Having a good attitude is the best and correct choice to always and forever be happy in life. It also brings a lot of joy. Even if you can't get good thoughts, you can always ask for help and guidance from people that can help you with difficult times and give you the best advice, to make you positive and make sure you feel happy, safe and confident to make you active a lot of things in the future with a good attitude.  