I like to work with a group because working with people helps you benefit from a lot of ways. One way is helping each others when working in a group. When I work with my friends we help each other with things that might be hard for us to do. I sometimes don't know how to answer a question so I ask the people I am working with to help me with it. The people you work with might not know something that I might know so that's a good thing when you work in groups. I like to help my friends or my group members with anything because that's what group work is about.2. When working in a group we communicate a lot and talk about everything we have to do. I like to talk when I work in a group it even helps me learn more things that I did not know about. Sometimes I don't know how to say something in English so I ask my partner to help me say it or pronounce it. When I don't know something it's hard for me to talk about it or try to help when I don't understand what they are talking about. It's good for me to work in group because it helps me learn more English.3.working in groups helps you and your partners to do less work. When I work in a group we split the work fairly if someone does not like the part he/she have to do we will give them a different one. For me, I like to do the most easy one but I do not get that all the time sometimes I have to do a hard part and sometimes I have to do an easy part. I do struggle with things sometimes because I do not speak good English but I ask my partners to help me with what ever I do not understand.4. One way to get to know people better is working with them and talk to them. When I work with people it shows me who the person is and what they like to do. For me, I like to know people better and make them comfortable around me even if they are shy. Some people don't like working in groups because they like to work by them self which is not a bad thing. Talking to people is one of my favorite things to do especially if I know the person more.5. It would be great for me to work in a group because it benefits me with a lot of things in a lot of ways. One thing is to get help from others and help others. The second thing is communication when u talk to people it helps me learn new things, and they might be learning new things too, and I do not do as much work as if I was working by myself. it's perfect for me to work in groups because of all these things. 