Imagine that the school plans to add more time at school. I disagree of the schools adding more time because it would be irritating, boring,stressed. And kids do not want that to happen. The children want to have a normal school day. And they have to prove that they can do it, they believe in their self. First, It is boring because they want to have fun. And the reason why it is a lot of fun because they want to have a good time. And the can think about what they want, What do they want to do when the schools are thinking about staying longer at school. For example, Generic_Name went outside to play after school. Secondly, it is stressing because they would be crazy about it. And the reason why it is stressing because the blood of the Brian would get bad. It would be horrible that they have blood pressure, haert attacks, and they want to kill there self. They can't do that, but they can protect there self. For example, Generic_Name was taking a test, but she got nervous, Frustrated,only and upset. Thirdly, it is irritating because kids will get tired and dizzy at school. The reason why it's because their body do not have enough energy. For example, My best friendGeneric_Name studied for a test, but she got tired. In my opinion it is not ok that a lot of people get injured. And it is going to be difficult, but it is worth a try, I want a lot of people to be happy, not injured, not feeling down and feel better about what's going on, or what is doing. In closing, I disagree that the school plans to add more time at school. And it is a bad idea, It would get irritating, boring and stressed. In my opinion it is better for kids, so they can not worry about it. And it would be easier step by step and keep going, Dont stop doing it. I really think that it would be better if the school would not have bullies, bad teachers back in the day because a lot of teachers back in the hit children because sometimes kids do not behave and teachers think that the kids deserved it and I think that The kids do not always get the right answer but In my opinion all teachers are different because some teachers are nice, hardworking,sweet, mean,not inappropriate as well. And The teachers that I had or have from kindergarten to first grade, second grade, third grade, fourth grade, fifith grade, sixth grade, Seventh grade and 8th grade they're nice, helpful,caring too and that don't hit us. They protect us, And I want for other kids have the same experience that I have. And I want other kids or other people or everybody to be happy and protected too. 