Changing the lunches to healthier lunches will affect more than just the cafeterias. It will change how people eat, and changing the food habits which is not good. Some adults and parents might love the change, but as teens it might have to be a nightmare. People having favorite lunches and enjoying what they buy to eat should be the goal. Not having to be informed to eat healthy food on a daily. The school board should speak, and see all the possible outcomes of this change before making a decision. Think of how many kids won't eat anymore, because of this change. Losing some of their favorite foods would change everything. Not only a loss for the kids, but a loss for the school as well. Losing more money as more kids stop buying lunch. This could not only affect the stomach's of the people not eating, but could also affect their learning and how they do in school. Nutrition is a big thing in school, because you need it in your system to function. Habits are also being changed. Being enforced to bring food from the outside. Some people would probably even leave school. That should be one of the schools the biggest fears. They are legally in charge of you at school, and if you decide to leave, and something happens to you; that can not be good for the school. There are so many things that could fall into this. People coming in and out of the school with food for others. Random people could identify as a student due to holding a backpack and having food in their hands, so a student opens a door for them. Some parents are obviously going to disagree. They want their kid or kids to eat, and do well in school. The amount of complaining will be very untolerable and annoying. There should just be a balance between healthy and unhealthy. For example one line could be serving healthy food, and the other could be serving what they used to be serving. They should be making it work instead of making them unhappy. I really think everything should be looked over again. Making big time decisions like this could really affect the school. I think many people should have a say in this including high representative students, and very exclusive clubs. Some being National Honor Society, Key Club, and maybe even the county board itself. Thank you so much for hearing me out, and hopefully you take my ideas into perspective. Sincerely, Generic_Name