The job that I would want to visit is the zoo. Fist, because I want to see what they do Second, because I want to learn new things. Additionally, because I want to learn how you treat the animals and how does it feel. My question that I choose was What is it like to work at the zoo is it hard or easy?. I choose this question because working at the zoo it can be hard because you do a lot of things. I think it is hard because to have to be going one place to another. My first reason is that I want to see what they do. I choose this because I want to learn how they treat the animals. I also want to learn about what happens when an animals get sick. Furthermore, I would want to visit the zoo because I want to see different types of animals and I also want to see how is it like to be working at the zoo. Furthermore, I also want to see what kind of medicine they give the animals. This is the reason why I choose that I want to see what the workers in the zoo do. My second reason is that I choose to visit the zoo because I want to learn new things. I choose this reason because I want to see the experience how it is like to work at the zoo when I grow up. I want to work at the zoo to learn new things for and example like what do you do when an animal get hurts or also what happens when an animal doesn't survive. Furthermore, I want to learn about new things that I haven't experience before when I grow up. Furthermore, I chose this reason because learning new things is much better for you. My last reason is the want to learn how you treat the animals. I choose this reason because I want to the animals when grow up and I want to treat the well. I would want to visit the zoo and explore to see how it is like and also seeing how do you feel working at the zoo. Furthermore, I choose this reason because I want to help animals and being nice to them. This is the reason why I choose this reason. In conclusion the job that I would want to visit is the zoo. I want to see what they do, I want to learn new things, and because I want to learn how to treat animals. These are the reasons I choose these reasons.