Generic_Name was sitting in the cafeteria listening to music refusing to touch her plate of food, why was she like that? Well, she was worried that everyone had their specific career picked out before going to high school, and she was the only one that didn't. Students are not expected to identify a career by the time they enter high school because students will feel pressured at a young age and students will change their career options as they take different courses. First, students are not expected to identify a career by the time they enter high school because they will feel pressured at a young age. For example, my friend Generic_Name wanted to become an astronomer, but her parents wanted her to be an engineer, she felt pressured and didn't know what courses to take. During class time Generic_Name's teacher gave everyone in the class a paper to write the possible classes they wanted to take their first year of high school, but unfortunately Generic_Name didn't know what classes to take. While Generic_Name was still thinking her teacher approached to her and told her that both science and math courses connected to the careers she was debating to become, she also told her that after taking those classes she was going to be able to pick the class she favored the most and go for that one. Some people believe that committing to a career at a young age will help students develop and make them smarter, but they are incorrect because committing at a young age will cause students to have a lot of stress and give them fewer opportunities to join other classes. Second, students are not expected to identify a career by the time they enter high school because students will change their career options as they take different courses. For example, Generic_Name was looking forward to becoming a professional soccer player, but he knew he had a 20% chance of becoming one. One day during class time Generic_Name started to think about a serious career that he can actually accomplish and put extra time and work. He decided to become a history teacher; He enjoyed learning history so much that he thought about becoming the one to teach others history as well. Generic_Name was so pleased with his choice that he paid close attention on everything Generic_Name said and never hesitated to raise his hand and ask for more questions. Generic_Name took all the history classes he needed to take, he also joined debate class and a public speaking class therefore he would become better at public speaking and not be afraid to talk in front of others. A month later Generic_Name thought about how good he'll be if he became an attorney. Generic_Name definitely knew how to speak in front of others after taking the public speaking class, and he also knew how to defend a case, so he changed his career option and decided to stick with attorney. Another example is that Generic_Name wanted to be a dog sitter, but she was also interested in the study of the human body and how it worked, so she decided to join a psychology class and learn more about it. In conclusion, students are not expected to identify a career by the time they enter high school because they will get a chance to pick the career they want as they take different courses in high school, and it will also cause many students to feel pressured at such a young age. Students should know that they have all the time they need to learn and be curious about any class they put their interest into, as they grow up their brain will develop therefore they will become smarter, and they will have the chance to pick the career to want to be in. 