Some school districts allowing there students to graduate in 3 years instead of the traditional 4 year is something I strongly consider, and surely something I think we all also have to consider. Being able to graduate in 3 years not only gives you an extra year, but also gives you the proper amount of time to plan your future. The amount of time that you would be spending in school would be a year less. Given a year, it is up to you, how you use it and what you're going to do with it. Getting a job would help save you a lot of money for college. Having a year off doesn't exactly mean that you have to go to school, but instead getting a job will be very beneficial. Whether It's to support your family, save money for school, or even for pocket money, knowing that you have not only time, but also extra money, will help you realize that there isn't much to stress about. Jobs also don't have to be something that is outside of school. Having a job that is academic wise or just something temporary to have the experience, will help open you up to more opportunities. Whether you are looking forward to going to college or to become more appealing to bigger organizations/ companies in your work force, having a job that is academic base will help. For example, going to coach my brothers' soccer game during the weekends compared to going to a community center to fix computers during the weekends, wouldn't really open me up to more work opportunities rather than fixing computers at a community center will. Going to college isn't for everyone, but for many is the way to go. Maybe you're going for your Masters or even a PhD, when you have a year you are saving the amount of extra time that you would be spending in school. Let's say for my PhD I would have to stay in school for 8 years, knowing that I have saved my self a year even though it doesn't seem like much compared to 8 years is not only saving time and money, but also saving a year to your age. Most student that go for the traditional 4 years typically are being rushed and become stressed out by the end. Colleges will also see that you have graduated showing them your were willing to work hard to get that extra year. Being able to graduate in 3 years doesn't only ask for patients but also for your dedication. Although you are graduating a year early, it doesn't necessary mean that the work load given in that year doesn't have to concern you. You would have to be able to manage your time and work hard to makeup for that year, yes, even if it means you have to give your summer break. Staying organized and knowing what your aim is, will give you more confidence making you become dedicated. Although some may argue that this is definitely something stressful and given 3 years is not enough for the workload in high-school, just know there is still hope. There are some students that don't have enough time to even finish in 4 years. So being thankful, you should know that it is alright if you can't finish in 3 years. Having this program gives opportunities to student but also saves time. School districts should label the students that have enough credits to graduate and for those that don't, and for those that don't, they should offer support (programs/ clubs) for them to possibly graduate in 3 years. If it's not possible for students to graduate in 3 years then the 4th year should just be a less stressful year.