Students Summer Break Idealist of students like to enjoy their summer vacation, but some educators feel like summer vacation is too long. Students and Adults decided to come up with different set of ideas to make summer break not long. Some students are fine with having 2 or 3 months of summer break, and some people argue that there should be a year-round school. A year-round school is where there would be 3- 4 week break in summer, a longer winter break, and a week off in spring and fall. These were the overall ideas that both students an adult choose. My personal opinion is that I would go with the year-round school because it would only take a year that students would go to school and have a shorter summer and a longer winter break. The reason why I choose this was because I prefer having a longer winter break. Why? You may ask, having a longer winter break will make students not lose a lot of school because in most part of the United States snows a lot. About 75% of parents have called in school saying that their children is sick and will not be able to go. These type of excuses can cause students lower their education and making up the work of days they had missed. Instead of the founder of school saying there would be an "2-hour delay" or "schools are close". Students can just stay home while having their winter break and not worrying about if they are going to school or not. Having a shorter summer break can help bring students come back to school with a positive energy and a fresh start. Since summer break won't be long students won't forget what they had learned. Students are likely to fail if they would have a really long break this is the reason why students forget what had taught them. Teenagers are likely to be more tired during the winter instead of summer this is why students are mostly tardy or absent. Even though I prefer having a shorter summer break, I still rely on of the students that choose to have a longer break because it is fun to be able to go out when the weather is warm but at the same time I feel like is better having a longer break in the winter because is safer staying home when it gets freezing and when it snows. Schools that are in the middle reconstructing have to allow students take their classes out in the trailers. Even though public schools don't close when it snows a little they still have to reconsider. Some schools are constructing and students have to walk to one trailer to another to get to their class this why I like the idea of having a week off during fall and also when it's spring break, It gets a bit cold and in some areas it already starts to snow. Having fall and spring break can bring students get their week off and take some time off before they have their SOL. It can also help refers their brain and can start studying to be able to pass their upcoming tests. My final conclusion is that the year-round schools sound like a good idea. It can really help students manage a lot with their education and also responsibilities. It can also help teachers not being stressed because they can also take their days off. School won't be that stressing if it were to take this idea. All of these were my own personal opinions.  