I do not agree with studying the business I want to do in high school. I will not be fully mature. I will not have good experience. Even if that's the job I want to do when I grow up I still wouldn't want to go to school just for that specific reason to start a business right after that. I understand that some people would love to do that. But I really do not think it's the right idea. Many people would have take that opportunity but I wouldn't because sometime not what you want in life is good for you. I personally do not think it will be the right idea. I want to go to high school to learn about new things. Learn about new career. I do not want to go to high school just to learn about a specific career job. I will not have much experience. I will get bored but doing the same thing over and over. Some people do love doing that but I think it's going to be a waste of my time. What if by the time I graduate high school and get tired of it and I want to change it. I don't think its will be fun or good for me. But I will have to start every all over just because of that. You are going to miss all the opportunity you had in high school .you going to have to go pay for college to restart again. It's going to be very stressful for people. I really want everybody to think very well before trying to start a business or try to go to school just to learn a specific job career. People should go to school and learn different things and then choose after what they like over the time. They parent should allow them to do that because I do not thing it's good at. Many things could happen nobody will know about. They should also have more experience border trying to have business in high school. They also should have the compassion of it. If that's what they really want they should let them do it. But I still think its worn. There are young they do not know what they are doing. Whhat is his/her business do not work what are they going to ? They should be in high school to lair new thing not to do same thing over and over. 