To begin with people like to go out for vacation or spend time for fun so their is the best way to spend your time just go to the list bellow for example, Enjoyable way to spend time outdoors is by going to community parks, state parks, and national parks etc. in fact the earth is best for humanity to spend time on using nature if we keep is safe! Spending our time in thees things make us know the world well. The more we spend our time on it the better access will know!! Next c community parks:is all people together in the community or in the environment spend time together. In addition, in the community parks there are many fun things to do like, play games sac has soccer, eat food together, tail to your friends or family while enjoying the fish air. Another thing people like in the community park is that it's less quite than state park and national park also because there are fewer people. Now community park are going to be the best. The fact that it has fewer people and being quite than any of those parks!! Thired state park:in the state park it's more sister than national park, fewer people competing and give each other ideas to do a project involving any subject. Sports like running, work out, soccer, basketball etc. Also state park are the best to planned ideas to solve any problem for the community. Interest is developing in state park for adults because it is more advances for them to do their bones. Spending more time in state park will make wounder to change the way it is!!Also, national park is people in the world where they have fun and Chile in their specific it's more likely normal vacation which more people like to speed their times on. For students to speed summer vacation it's a good split for them, I recommended it will be nice with family together. Spending your time on national park will make know things you didn't know before. In addition, most people spend their time on national park because it's more accessed to do anything specific to gather information In conclusion all these are same, but they have different fun things to do also they have the amount of people in the park spending time with different people. I will rehomed this for all people to do it, because it's more enjoyed. So speed your time by going to those place, but "authorized" first chores which one best for you!!  