The work in group will always have an excellent result. I feel working in group have several benefits than working alone. When we hear that we are going to work alone it sounds good but not for all. It should be great for those people who don't have the capacity to work with others. Even you do not believe it, working in group is feature that no all humans have it. Why I think like that? Because working with other people we help us to learn different types of job, we can work in others areas with others folks, we can meet amazing people. To begin with, working in group can help us to learn different types of job. I have my own experience with this. When I started my first job I didn't learn enough. I worked in a hotel and people there liked to work alone. Sometimes I didn't know how to do something and I immediately asked, but those workers didn't like to teach others, and they said you should learn by yourself. Obviously I didn't agree with them and I started to find different job where I could learn more. Working alone was the most difficult job I've ever had. I couldn't learn from others because they didn't give me the opportunity to do it. Now I got experience from others how to work in restaurant, markets or shopping centers. I think you will learn a hundred percentage better if you are learning from others. However, some people claim that work alone is more beneficial to concentrate, but I insist that work with someone else with leave you more knowledge than work alone. To continue, if we worked before in commutes or in group we are able to work in different areas of work and also work with different folks, it will be easier for us. When we are looking for a job in our interview the boss or managers will always ask if we have problem to work with others. They ask this questions because they want to be sure that we will work in different places, and we will interact with the other employees. If we answer NO, I'm really sure that we won't get job soon. If we are willing to learn and work together as a team we'll have success in every job that we get. If we change of jobs is because we are looking for something better, and we will achieve working in different areas learning different jobs, acquiring experience from others, showing that we are able to work with others, all these can be beneficial for us when we are looking for job. In addition, we can meet amazing people working in group. When we work with others we are making friends. My mom found her best friend Generic_Name in her job. They have eleven years with this beautiful friendship. Everyone needs a friend that can help, teach and learn with you. Think about it, there are more benefits working with someone else than working alone. Even though some people say that working in group is more complicated because you will find people who don't want to teach how to work, or it can be distracting for you. I feel sure that there are more people good than bad and also if you know your work, you know what to do in your job there aren't people or thing distracting for job. We should be responsible with our job this is an important thing that you shouldn't forget. In schools, in works or in the street we'll find amazing people who will help to improve our skill as workers or as humans being. To sum up, working in group will help us find better jobs, to learn new thing, to interact with different people. Here in The United States we will find many jobs, we are able to learn many things and also to interact with different people from different countries. Do not reject the opportunities to grow and accomplish your dreams. If some day you have the chance to teach others, do it with patience as a professional worker and keep in your mind that two heads think better than one.