Saving energy and resourcesSome businesses have adopted a four-day work week, with each day consisting of ten hours. Should your school follow this model by extending the school day two hours. Yes the school should follow the model by extending the school day two hours. It will save money for the schools. Students can have more time with teachers. Students can have a time to work at a job. Teachers get to have more time grading. It will save money for schools. The reason I said that is because the transportations cost money and in four-days the school can save transportation money rather than five-days a week. The school can also save money on electricity on a four-days school week. Schools can save the money to help students to pay for their colleges. Schools can save the food to give it to homeless people. Student have more time with teachers. Students can have more than 90 unites in class since is two hours extended. They get to have more time with teachers. They going to learn more in class with more time added. Furthermore, they can really be organized, since they have four-day school and more time with teachers. That can help them learn about life even more. Student can have a time to work at a job. I said that because most of the time when we have five days school. We can't work because we scared to fail our grade. If there is four days school and more time with teachers we can keep a good grade. And we can work two day and leave one day for study and family, since theirs going to be three days off. Teachers get to have more time with grading. Theirs lots of grading that teachers do so with three days off it can really help them with grading. Teachers can have enough to time to teach the class. They can have time to see every each student about their grade and see if they need help with any class works. It is great because teachers can have time with students and that's very important. It is the best to follow the four-day school and extend two hours of the school day. Furthermore, it helps school with saving money. Student can have more time with teachers. Student have time to work at a job. Teachers have more time with grading. It has so much benefits if we follow the four-day school and extended two hours of the school day. We should start writing to congress to change school into four-day work week.  