It is wonderful to accomplish something that you really want by working hard you can get it, and when you have already accomplished that goal or dream you fell so great that you did it. "Like my mom always said to me that in this life you have to work hard to get what you want."First, My mom work cleaning houses she work hard to give my sister and I the things that we want, and she always has a goal to work by her self and have her own cleaning job. Not working with a company that they make her work hard and pay her little money, when my mom came to his country [U.S.A.] she starts working for a woman that women put her to do a lot of house and pay her little money and when my mom told her that she was giving her a lot of work she was angry at my mom. My mom then she starts working give another women that do the same thing they do twelve houses every day my mom was so tired and not only that there were another women that was working there that she hate my mom all the time they have problems. My mom don't want that anymore and now my mom have her own job she is one or two house every day and in a week she makes five or eight hundred dollars she has work hard to get want she wants. Secondly, My parents want to buy a house to have our own house and that renting an apartment that is so small that a house and have our own space. My sister and I we were sharing the same room, and we always have problems because she always has leave trust in the room she didn't pit it up I always have to do it, and I was tired of that. Living in an apartment you don't have a space to plant flowers or playing around with your cousins. My parent they were always going to the bank to take up a loan, but they couldn't because they didn't have a good interest, and they continue to go to the banks and working hard to have good interest in the bank and fine they get it. My parent buy a house, and we have like six or seven month that we are living in that house. Also, I have a friend that she study hard to have good grades and a counselor from the school call her that want to talk to her that she can caliph to a university for having good grades. She went to go for a month to stay in that university to know how is live of the university and compete with other students, then that same counselor take her to Generic_City for a fail trip to go and see some people that will sing in a famous place. She has work hard to get that things that she have got. Accomplishing same thing that you really want a great thing because you can have a better future and have a great life. Sometimes is hard and challenge you said I cannot to these anymore, but you can do it, but you have to work little hard to get there. Sometimes it is very challenge for some people, but they break that barrier that stop them to continue, but they do it why other people can we are the same. 