Do you always have to be honest at all time? Well do you agree with me because I do think you should be honest. Well sometimes it is not good to be truthful because some people are crazy humans in this world. You should always be honest to your family. They appreciate you more than anything. I think being honest will always be great think for this generation. The benefit of being honest at all times because your friends will know your trustworthy, parents love that more than anything, and you're not a lair. My first reason is your friends have more trust in you. They will have a better friendship most likely. Friends will buy things for you like shoes, shirts,and shorts. Sometimes friends don't like that much honest because they might feel sad and stress out like when my sister came back from Generic_City from college. My sister friend was honest, but my sister felt sad because it was heartbreaking to her. But any away my sister is found now living her best live. Your friends will dislike your honesty and like your honesty. They might tell you secrets that they never told their parents. Another reason is parents love you more if your honest in my opinion. They care for more than anything. They gave you a life. Even if your friend said something very bad you should tell them anyway because they will probably help your friend that is need of help. They love you more than anything. Being honest to your mom and dad are the most. In the past I will always lie, and you can picture the next thing. Sometimes parents hate when there child tells everything to their cousin, and which my mom hates children. My last reason is your not going to be a liar if you become honest at all time. In my religion if you are liar or not honest at anytime you are a liar. God will forgive you if you ask forgiveness. You will have better life and future. I sometimes like being honest because adults like hearing the truths and I want to be that kind of kid. I like being that good kid and quite kid that loves being friends from a long time ago. Furthermore, I hate when people lie than walk, and they try to be honest. Sometimes people I think should not lie and e honest. In conclusion, the benefit of being honest at all time because is great for you. I think being great will make your family great as well as people around you. I think friends will love you more than anything. You are a great human being as like your parents. I think having a wonderful time being great person. As being honest everybody else will be honest. Some honesty is bad for other friends are cool with it. God will forgive you as well as your parents. The honest person will always win. The End:( 