Some people ask different people for their opinion. Because if you ask different people, people can have different opinion, and they can have multiple answer. First, people have different opinion. When people ask different people, people have multiple answer. For examole when I want to buy a pair of shoes I ask my mom, my dad, and sometimes I ask people that I do not know, but different people help me to see witch a pair of shoes I should pick and there I can see what pair of shoes are the best. Somepople do not like to know what others said when I think is better when everybody said their opinion continue, listen other opinion of different people make to choice better. Listen different opinion help us to know what other people think about it. For example my friend always ask me how she looks, so she wants to know my opinion, and she don't only ask me. She asks different people to know their opinion. In the world are 58% of people who want to know other people opinion and there is 52% of people who do not care about what other people think about them. People want to know what other people think. Because that is how people can help to choice the best one. My opinion is that knowing what other people think help us to know more the other person think. Finally, let people express their opinion. If people know opinion of different persons, help us to pick better. For example sometimes I want to buy a pencil but I like two pencil, but I only have money for one. There is when I need somebody to tell me witch one I should pick. I always tell somebody to tell their opinion. Because there is how people can express their self, and tell them that is cute or not. Instagram, instagram is a social media that a use for a lot of time, instagram sometimes help me. Because sometimes when i don't know witch one to pick, I post in my story, I put." What shoes I should to pick.", and there is when my friends vote for what shoes I should pick, and I can make the best position. I love to know what other people opinion because that help me to know what other people think about me. In conclusion, my opinion is that every person in the world need to listen other person. Because if people have multiple opinion, people can have the better choose. Whoever sometimes it is okay to make position for yourself because sometimes is something personal and people don't know the correct answer, and maybe they can be wrong.