I think cell phones gives negative effects on people lives. I think it's a negative effect on people lives because a lot of people are scared to talk to people face to face, People like to look at social media all day. Furthermore, I see a lot of people like at restaurants using there phones while eating and no one talking to each other. Furthermore, I see a lot of kids using phones while eating like playing games or watching movies on there technology. A lot of parents get mad at their children because they use there phone all day, and they can't have at least 30 minutes to talk. I see a lot pf people posting pictures on social media. I know people posting pictures on social media all day. There's a lot of people that take pictures and videos what they do in their lives. I think technology made use worst because we can't live without looking at social may at least once a day. I think people should go out and have fun with friends or family or finding a job, so you will be too busy to think about your phone or technology. If your busy or doing something you won't think about your phone or technologies. A lot of people like to stay home and use technology all day at home and I think that's not good. Its nice going out with friends or family having a good time without using technology. The time goes faster when you are busy or doing something but if you use your phone it seems the time goes slower. I this sometimes technology could be good use. I think it would be good because you can read books and search up anything you need. Technology is good when we use it in school because it's easier to do our work. If you need to build or anything or need anything you can search it up on your technology, and it will show you how to do it. I only use my phone for Maps, Music, and to search up things I need to know. I don't like using my phone to be on social media all day I work so I use my phone for work not to be on social media all day. If you need to do homework and find the answer you can search it up on your technology. I think technology is good when you need something important to do on it.  