Many people are kind and do parts in helping others, what they don't know is, the act of kindness either received from or given to someone has a big impact no matter how small or big. Reasons an act of kindness can really benefit someone are, the person might have a better day just because of your kindness, the person might learn from your act of kindness and lastly, a good act of kindness can come back to you from the person who you helped. The first reason of how kindness can impact a person is, the person whom you helped might have had a bad day or, you never know what someone is going through, they could have a hard life and are hiding it. The person who received the act of kindness might have bad a bad day or life, your kindness could have made that person feel so much better and worthy. Some people don't often receive kindness, you might have put a big smile on their face or, made their day much better. You can be seen as a person with good characters and manners, people can always depend on you if you are a kind person and do a lot to help make someone feel better with words or actions every day, most people would appreciate you if you did almost anything to help them or make them smile because again, you never know what someone is going through. For example, I partnered up with a girl in our math class, she was crying for some reason and nobody wanted to be her partner, when I told her if she can be my partner, she said yes and sounded really happy when I said. I, of course told her what was wrong, she told me she was going through a lot at home and nobody wanted to be her friend in school, I was devastated to hear that. I told her she can be my friend and for the rest of the day she smiled and laughed. The second reason any act of kindness, big or small, can impact a person is, the person receiving the kindness can learn from you and make themselves a better character too, you can influence a person with how you act, if you act kind and generous and, make good choices, someone is going to learn from your words and actions. Same with if you're a person who is just rude and makes bad decisions, someone else, will learn from your actions. Many people tend to learn from people in their environment, especially young people, so if a young person sees you offering a kind act of helping to either them or someone else, they can learn from your actions and see you as a big role model, people should always make good decisions for many reasons one being that young people can benefit from your choices and will always look up to you for being the person to guide them through life, many people make bad decisions around children but if you do an act of kindness, to them or someone else, young kids will automatically learn from you. For example, one day me and my little sister were in the park, playing with our friends, we saw an old lady all of a sudden drop her apples, I immediately went to the sidewalk and helped the lady, I picked up the apples and put them in a safe and clean bag. The old lady thanked me and told me, "you're well-mannered, thank you for your help, I appreciate it, may god bless you", I smiled and said "your very welcome". The next day as I was going to the bus stop, to pick my little sister up from school, my little sister ran to me and said "I sat next to this new girl in our school who was being bullied. I even shared my lunch with her because, she did not have much food at home to bring to school" . I was delighted to hear her story, I told her why she did that, she responded "when I saw you helping the old lady yesterday, I realized how nice you were and how happy the lady was, I decided to do something similar" . The third reason of how an act of kindness can benefit someone in many ways is, the good act of kindness can come back to you. For example, one day, a girl in our class came late to school, we were in our social studies class, she came and sat down and asked people if she could copy the notes, all of my classmates shouted "NO". I went up to her and gave her my notes. She was happy and said thank you, when she finished copying my notes, I went to my seat. About a week later, we were having a contest in our school, whoever won would receive a prize. I sadly did not have any knowledge of the topic for the contest. The next day, I partnered up with the girl who copied my notes, I told her about how I wanted to win the contest. She looked happy and told me she knew all about the topic, she said she could help me and I replied with, "I would appreciate it so much" . I went to her house after school and taught me all about the animal, we needed to have certain knowledge of the animal to do the contest in our school. The next day, I did the project and the next day, I winner. I thanked the girl. In conclusion, any act of kindness can benefit a person, you might make them smile, make them learn, or, the act will come back to you.  