I believe that if somebody wants to have success there will always be some failure. The most important thing is that the person doesn't lose there confidence or enthusiasm. I've also been through that to where I want to succeed at something that I want to achieve and there's failure down the road. Once I failed I told myself to be positive about it and not just give up or get stressed about it and know that I needed to work harder at it. There are people who want to have success but forget that it's not that easy. People have to remember that it takes time and to have patience, and stay positive. It's not easy because that person has to work hard and show effort but even after showing and doing all those things there still can be failure. When somebody fails it's better to think about what can be down next time and to try harder after the first try. Anybody could lose confidence or the energy after they keep failing but he or she forgets to see what can be down better next time. After that to check what has gone wrong and not lose confidence because everybody has the potential to do anything. Failure will always be there, but it plays an important role for that person to remember that nobody's perfect and that there's always mistakes. The important part is to keep trying and to fix that mistake and to keep that energy up and confidence that it can be done its mot impossible. I've also been through this to where I have a big dream and I chase after it and I think its easy but then I realized it was starting to get harder. After I tried so hard to keep working and trying I lost confidence after I kept failing again, and again. It's better to stay positive because people might say that I can't do it or many things that can cause me to lose confidence. But I choose to stay plosive because I realized nobody is perfect even artist, singers,and many other things that people wanted to be because they also had mistakes and had to try harder next time. I realized after failing there were improvements better than the last time I tried, and it kept happening because I tried harder each time but eventually I got there. It's best to know that in order to have success there's failure, but it has to motivate to try harder next time and then eventually when someone works hard enough they have success. 