We live in a world where almost everyone has dreams, passion and, goals. People has different passion for example they are people that want to learn about sing, dance,write, read,technology and more in depends on what would you like to learn. High school were made to learn about important things about Science, Math, History, English and some of them are fun. However, there are some high school's that requires to have a class of drama, or art before you graduate at least you have to have one class it can be drama or art. I believe schools should have more options to students for example music, dance, sports, sing, cook, technology, cars,and more because no everyone is interested in drama or art. It should be elective by the students, first reason why it should be elective is because the people have different passion and dreams, second reason is that might be helpful to identified who you are, and it would help you to success. One of my passion is to make new tings that no one has never ever create something that can be helpful to heal people life. That's my passion and my dream. The last school that I went they require two elective classes but is optional the students have the right to choose. My counselor help me find out some elective classes about science and humans it was really hard to find the right class for me. Somehow they were some students in the same classroom, and they were boring, sleeping. The reason why they were like that is because that's not them passion they probably want to be learning about something different. That's why is important to be in a class where you really feel that you're going to learn. So that can happen to many students that's why is really important to know what are your passions and to be free to choose at least one elective class. Two years afters I finish the elective class my brain was confused everything change because before taking those classes it was hard for me to choose my career. So right now am pretty sure how and who I want to be in a future that class help me find out that heal sick people are my passion specially children's health. Before the elective class my dream was to be a police officer and now my maid is completely change, and it was and still being helpful to me. Now the electives class are helping me to applied in universities and scholarships. Basically these can happen to more students, there are some students who don't know who they are and what they want to be in the future and these electives class can help them at the same way that helps me. However, principals should know that is important to help students to find out what passion and accomplish they what to make while they are in high school. In conclusion high school's should let students choose at least one elective class every year. Elective classes have they own benefit to students. In my opinion I agree with having the right to choose one class that has to be relative with your passion and your dreams. However, they are more different opinions as my opinion, some of them might think that art and drama is what everyone needs to learn about it. But for what I have been through I support those who believes that is fair to choose one or two elective classes.