Thomas Jefferson wrote, "Determine never to be idle... It is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing." For example to run without connected to the power is not useful work. I agree with Thomas Jefferson that from doing nothing we can not gain anything. Because if we are always doing something, we can learn from what we are doing, and we can reach the goal that we have. If we are always doing something we will get a good result, and we can learn many things. For example when I was in high school I was just doing my school works and I did not have any job or something else to do after school in my free time, so I thought maybe I can join the school soccer team because soccer was one of my favorite sport, and I was always watching soccer games, and I was thinking maybe I will be also a good soccer player in future too. And then I try out for school soccer team and I did not have any experience about playing soccer and Was thinking negative, because I though maybe I will not be able to join the team because of my talent and I did not know anything about soccer, and there were many kids for tryout with good talent and skills that they had. When it was the time for tryout I went for it and the coaches were testing, but when I got the result I did not make it, I was so sad that day and I was never going to give up because of the dream that I had. After that, two months later I join a soccer club for training, and I was trying my best to learn soccer a many other skills. And after a year when it was about to start the next season of tryouts, I made it to the team, and I was so happy and proud to be in the team to accomplish many things for my self and my school. It is always a wonderful thing if we are doing something or working toward the goal that we have. For example when I graduated from high school my goal was to go to college and I wanted to be an IT Engineer. And that was not an easy thing for me, because of the expense of the college and the subject that I was thinking to study. And I did not have the budget for it, so I was wondering if I could work and make the make money that I needed for college. And the cost for the subject that I was thinking about to study in college, it was going to cost me around twenty thousands dollar for the whole semester. And my parents were also supporting me a little, but I needed to make the rest of the amount by working. Finally, I got a job nearby our house and I did not have a driving license, so I was walking to my job. And the first days of working it was a little challenging for me, I did not know anything about the job, and it was also a new experience for me. And I had to work and accept the difficulties and challenges that were upcoming for me to reach my goal. After two months later I was thinking to get also another job beside the job that I was already working on, so I could make more money to accomplish my goal early. And also I found another job, and I was working in both of them and Had a shift of four hours in each. And I learn many things from doing my job and after a year and half I had the amount of the money that Needed for college, and finally I reach my goal. From doing nothing we can not accomplish anything. And it is always a good time to start, and it is never late to do the things that we want. And we should never waste our time doing nothing.  