It is true that there are many ways to influence others. It's not your behavior that defines your actions. It's how you show people by your actions, having goals and to have motivation to be able to influence others. Sometimes you don't even have to be positive to be able to influence others. For example, in the movie "The Princess and The Frog", she wanted to open a restaurant because it was her dad's dream. So she kept working to get enough money to pay for a building she wanted. She didn't get it in the beginning, but at the end of the movie she did. What I'm trying to say is that she had one goal, and it was to open a restaurant. She also had motivation to keep working to earn enough money to do so. For my first reason why you can influence others in different ways is by your actions. The best way someone can influence others is by your actions. For example lets say you help out by donating food to your local food bank. That won't make much difference but if you do it daily, word will eventually get out on how you kept donating food for people in need. Especially if it gets on the news about the good deed you did, then more people would donate more to help out their community. For my second reason why you can influence people in different ways is by having goals. Many people whit goals accomplish more that people without one. For example lets say that you're trying to save money to buy a new game that coast eighty dollars. But you don't have any money left. So you do chores like cleaning, washing your parents' car, or cutting the grass. You still don't have enough. So you start going to your neighbors house and asking if they need anything done. Eventually you earn just the right amount to buy the new game. Basically, if you want something set goals and accomplish them to earn what you want. For my last reason why you can influence people in different ways is by being motivated. You can't influence others if your down. You have to try being inspiring and energetic. Because if others see you being motivated they would most likely do the same. Being motivated is important because it shows purpose of completing a goal. It also shows how hard you are willing to work to accomplish something. Some people may say that, a persons' behavior is the best way to influence others because it sets the right mood on someone to be motivated. But on the other hand behavior doesn't show how a person can be influence to do something. Therefor the best way to influence people is by showing them your actions, goals, and being motivated. 