I am sure my heart is raising that I saw a lot of people behavior is going bizarre! Then it is said that your own behavior is the best way to influence other people because it creates trust, shows that your helping others, and creates a positive big impact on others. Your own behavior creates trust is to show that other can respect you and care about you. Friends behavior creates trust because they will sometimes help others. For example, if I have a huge injury and I can't walk, then probably they'll know that I'm not joking around, and I'll trust them to help me. Another person behavior that creates trust is teachers, their behavior is mostly positive and always influence others. They'll always care about helping their student and makes the student trust the teacher what they need help on. Even though students think that teacher don't trust them, but others think teachers have faith on others to try hard to help and let them work hard for the future. Also, families creates trust, so they will always have influence on me. It like I made their personality more positive than before. Your own behavior creates trust because of helping others, having positive personality, and increase better relationship on others. Showing that you help others is another way to influence other people from your own behavior. Sometimes my families help others, and they will never forget about us. Like all of our family went to Generic_City and went on a mission to help others, like we build houses or feed a lot of poor people with food that we made. Another person that help others is friends, they always help me if I'm in a stress zone. They always comfort me feel better when I'm upset or mad. Also, teachers help other because they want the students to past the school. Although some of them might fail, yet teachers try their best to let them past. They want them to try hard, so teachers need to make them work hard and help them learn. Like my teachers will try their best to help me past my quizzes or test. Helping others is the best way to influence people like friends, teachers, and families that they will support you and others what they need. The reason why your own behavior creates a big positive impact of others. So more and more people will show respect and will mostly love you. This will create a big positive impact on friends because I show love for them, and they will probably love me back. All of us should always show love and care so that they won't hate you. For families, they always have a positive impact because of others positive attitude. Showing a good attitude can be like walking the bridge to their heart. This can help their feeling be better and better. Another person that have a big impact on others is firefighters. They always care about others and their lives, so they always protect them when they're in trouble. There was one story that these firefighters that they need equipment because their tools is rusty and broken, but one person called them for help, so they came the house was on fire and the wife is still trapped. So they got her out and she is safe. So the husband so, so proud, and send them 2,000 dollars a month, so the firefighter can bye the equipment. This it to show how much the husband care about them. So this can create a big positive impact because of showing love, fixing feelings, and having risk to protect.Others might say that your own behavior can affect others. It has said that you own be behavior can influence others by showing that you help others create a positive big impact, and creates trust. We should see if others behavior can influence others and change the world.  