Should all the students have to take a music, a drama, or an art class. Or should it be an elective, and they could be able to make their choice to take what they want. I believe that everyone have different opinion, interest, or things they want to do. They are able to make their on decision but I don't think that it has to be required to take a class that some people aren't interested in. I disagree with this prompt because those classes should an elective. In my option I wouldn't take any of those classes and my reason why is because I am not going to enjoy or like the class because I am not interested in it and there's not a required that I have to take any of those classes. I had a friend who didn't want to come to his art class. One day I asked him why don't you go to that class, and he was like I don't like the class, I don't enjoy it at all and also I didn't choice it, they just put it in my schedule. I was like look you should go to the office and talk to them about it. Because you don't want to be there, and also you don't even come to that class and after a few days, and he went to talk to his consul about it. Less than a week he be always in his class and I was like it's your own choice to make decision but I resolve it because you helped me. But in other school I have one friend that he loves his art class, and now he's taking it almost every year, and he told me. Generic_Name you should take an art class because it's really cool, and you do a lot of art also I enjoy it and I really like the class but I don't know what do you like but in my perspective I would take an art class every year. I told him look I am not going to take a class that I don't like because I'd rather be in a class that I like and I would enjoy it and I want to do stuff that I like, and it will be my choice if I enjoy or not a class. Because look there's a lot of option, and you can make a decision, and he told me" Yeah you right" and by it, I just tell them everybody has to make their own design but also remember that every design have a consequence. I asked a lot of people what would you do if they put you in a classes that you don't want to be in it?. They told me I just going to talk in the office, so they can change it and I would love to come to that class but I also have the right to say something about if I don't like or I do like something because we have a right to speak up. We should be able to choice what we want to study we don't have to have a required to do things we could do things by our own. But there might be a thing that make people think we should have a required to take classes that we don't want, but also they have to think about that we are teenager, and we might have our future planed but if they don't know that they have to take some classes they don't even want to take then those type of things make people think that's why we have to take classes to prove ourselves. Another things and it influences a lot that they make required to do things and students just don't want to they have to think how we feel about things and how we would react. We all know that sometimes we are not in a mood, or we are in our feeling, or we just don't feel the day at all, and it can affect our design and required because people who make the required they just don't care about how would you feel or anything they just chose what they want, and they say what they think will be better for a lot of students but the thing they don't think about it how it would react to thing like I said earlier every design has a consequence, and it could be good or bad, but we have to deal with it. Most of the students would like to have all classes how they want and when they cannot do something they want then there's when the things starting coming out. Because they don't like it their behavior change and everything in that class. So all students should be able to have the right to change things and everything in their schedule, but their consul should have the right to say no to things that are not important at all, and they could say you are taking this class because of this reason, and you can't do it. Of course, they will say something, but they are taking care of their future and things they would do in life by taking any of these three classes. It might be good thing, or it could be a bad thing, but we just have to wisent to our students. Everyone have a right to make their own design about classes and others things but if there's a required we are not able to do anything. Because we just have to respect the rules and do it without our opinion. If we are able to make a choice then our feeling and the way we would feel about classes it will be matter, and we could make our decision, and we will like the thing we choose. But sometimes we just cannot make the decision and someone else would choose it for us, so we just have to see the pro and con about the decision we would make or the thing we would do without thinking. I think it shouldn't be a required to take this classes, and it would be an elective class because some people wouldn't take this type of classes they are not going to enjoy it and go because they just don't like it at all and everyone has the decision to speak up and make decision by our own.