Do you think starting a career at a young age is good? Many students think that starting a career at a young age is good, but its is not a good thing for them or in general. Students often choose to start it at an early age because they could be really excited about it. I think that them focusing on their studies until they get older is even better, and it would be a great thing to do. And instead of the young students hanging out with their friends at somewhere that's unrelated to their career or studies, they should maybe go to a tutoring center or help each other. Students should also have time to think about and choose a career that they think they would focus on really well. If students start a career at a young age, it can have quite many consequences. Usually doing so would make them more likely to have failure in their career, lack of some education, and they won't get much respect from people. One of the reasons why I think that students shouldn't commit to a career at a young age is because they will more likely to have failure in their career. If they have failure in their career, there will be many problems. One of the problems that could happen is that they could get sued if is they end up doing something wrong. Another thing that could happen is that they could get many complaints about things. And if people complain about them and if they make bad reviews about them, it will make their image look bad. And for that they might not be making a lot of money out of their profit, because people know what failures they are. Another reason why I think that students shouldn't commit to a career at a young age is because they will lack some education. If they lack some education, they won't be able to know a lot about their career. It's just like a chicken is running to get to the other side of the road with his head cut off. One thing they will also have trouble in is interviews. They will not be going to get success if they don't know much. And if they don't know anything about their career, that person could get fired. One of the things that they would also be doing is making a lot of mistakes. The students should stay much longer in school to get proper knowledge of that career so that they will earn success. Another reason that students shouldn't commit to a career at a young age is because they won't get respect as much as a well-educated person that knows all their studies and who knows a lot about their career, if they do so. People would probably ask them that why didn't they take their studies further. Also, and what they could've done before to fix this situation is that they could've gotten help from others such as their friends, teachers, by staying after school for extra help, or asking their parents to hire a tutor. Additionally, or what they could do instead of getting extra help, is that they could just focus on their career class and not slack off. They should also do a career that they're interested in. Because a lot of the times when they see that one of their friends chose this one career, then they will do the same one. That's why young students should always think and choose very wisely when it comes to picking career. Young students should focus more on their studies and shouldn't commit to a career at a young age. They should all focus, and they should keep studying until they get much older, rather than choosing a career at a young age. It is also a very important to not have failures and mistakes in your career, so that your career turns out to be good. I think that young students should always study, and never lack any sort of education. Also, and that they should get the most education to gain much more of peoples respect. By doing all of these things as a young student, they will achieve great success. By them not doing these things, they won't get much of their career success.