The school board is planning to add one and a half hour to school each day. I think they should add one and a half hour to school each day because than class would be longer, we would have to do more homework, and some students have things to do after school every day. I disagree that the school board should add one and a half hour to school each day because class would be longer. If schools board add one and a half hour to school each day every class would be longer. For example my civics class is two hours if they add one and a half hour than my civics class would be two and a half hour. If class was longer teachers would have to work more. They would have to work more because than they have to make more projects and grade more papers that each student turns in. Students would have to work harder than what they usually do because they would get more work because the class is longer. Secondly I disagree because if school board adds one and a half hour to school each day then we would get more homework. Students would have to do more homework since class is longer that would get more projects and some students don't get to finish their work in class, so they have to do it for homework. They would get in trouble if they don't finish their homework. Some students don't get to finish their homework because they have to do more work for another class. Lastly, I disagree that the school board should add one and a half hour to school each day because when students get out of class they have to do things or go somewhere. Students have to take care of their siblings. Some students when they get out school have to take care of their brothers and sisters because their parents have to go somewhere, or they have to do some work. Some kids practice sports in the afternoon for example soccer, basketball, etc. When I get out of school I have to go to soccer practice at 4:30 pm, so before going to practice I have to do my homework, and sometimes I don't get to finish then until I come back from practice. Sometimes I do get in trouble with my teachers because I didn't finish my homework. Some students have to go visit their family because maybe that are going to a party that they are making, or they are sick, and you have to go see how they are. Sometimes my mom waits for me until I get out of school to go visit our family. Some then have to clean their room, wash the dishes, and take the trash out. I still think that they shouldn't add one and a half hour to school each day because each would longer, get more homework, and do after school activities. Do you agree or disagree with my reasons?