Student's that don't want to be in high school for four years, plan on finishing earlier than others. These students have already gotten their credits and just need a few more to finish. Students want to get an early head start than their other classmates, they have enough credits to finish their junior and senior year in one go. It's a great idea for student's to get a head start on college and the workforce one year early. Students that get an earlier head start plan on starting their careers while in college. The jump from high school to college is way different, but it's a better step for students. A friend of mine had finished high school earlier and got to start college earlier and now their life is going to start because they went on the right path to start their career. College's offer programs to student's to help them get their degree like Master's or Bachelors degree faster, so they can achieve the career they were trying to achieve. Many colleges offer this program as one of my family members is going for their Master's, and they are going to get it a year earlier than the majority of their classmates. Some students have already been into the workforce already, and now they would like to finish high school and become a full time employee instead of a part-time employee. Student's that are still in school that already work cannot make more than 40 hours due to the fact that they are still under the age of 18. Full time employee's make more than 40 hours but some of those employees still go to school due to the fact that they are balancing school and their work life. Students's that are in school are either a full time student and part-time employee or a full time student and full time employee. Some students in school the majority of the time they work put their schedule as every day at a certain time, or they work weekends. Students finishing high school early is benefit for the students that would like to finish early because they want that head start in life. They want to start college, so they can get started on their future career and get that dream job. Students want to become a full time employee instead of a part-time employee, so they have more hours and get better pay to go to college to be a full time student and full time employee. For these reason I agree with this statement that it's a good idea to finish high school early to get into college earlier or into the workforce. 