Yes, I agree with the statement a positive attitude can always lead anyone to success. Positive attitude is the key to success don't lose hope even if you have lost everything. If you have a positive attitude, and you work hard today or tomorrow you will become successful. If you have a positive attitude in a hard situation, you will feel like the situation is not hard, and you will get over that situation. Positive attitude even helps you to maintain good heath and this will help you to get success. But if you have a negative attitude in a situation you might not get success in life. A positive attitude can will not only change your life, but it can also help people close to you in achieving their goal because it will encourage them to become successful.6We can even take example of some successful people in the world like Steve Jobs who was forced to leave his own company, but he always had a positive attitude, it doesn't matter what the situation was and 3 years later he bought his company back, not only that he had a heart disease, and he was supposed to die but his will power and positiveness saved him. We can also take example of famous soccer player Cristiano Ronaldo who was discriminated because of his color faced all of his hardships with a smile on his face he stayed positive in his whole life, and now he is one of the greatest soccer player in the history. He just thought positive things in his life and overcame most of his hardships. In the modern world, if we even lose a small game we lose hope of winning again, but we have to change this that's not life works, everyone has hardships in their life, but a smile on your face can make those hardships easy. Just think how to overcome that situation, instead of losing hope and stay positive. In the end, I would just say that everyone face hardships from a 1-year-old kid to an old man, but a staying positive can change the whole situation because you will be able to overcome anything. So always stay calm, take deep breadth and stay keep a positive attitude instead of getting negative.