Everysingal student has worked hard in school. Showing they can push hared without being praised, even if it takes a year or two. Praising a student every time they get a good grade or accomplish a small paper isn't fine. I believe working hard builds true self-esteem comes from achievement because it shows in the students hard work, they aren't going to be stuck up or self-centered, and they won't expect anything if they stopped getting praised. Although achieving your work and getting praised once in a while does feel good. When a student works hard it shows in their work and in their face. Many students have shown their best effort without getting praised. The student should have to put their own interest if the student really wants to accomplish their work. If the student is getting praised all the time what are they really learning about hard work? They would think everysingal good thing I do comes with a prize. There are many students that are stuck up when they receive a good grade, those students have probably done good work, but there could be a student that has worked the same but didn't get a good grade. There are some students that get their feeling hurt when they don't get a good grade and their classmate rub their grade in their face. Those self center students are closed-minded, instead of helping the student out they hurt their feelings. Some student like to keep their grades to themselves. If a student gets praised all the time they will expect something in the end. The student wouldn't do it for themselves they would do it for the prize. They will not learn about real hard work, they would think every good thing comes with a prize. And that's not the case. Feeling good at the end and knowing the student has worked hard with no praising is great. They feel better about themselves because they know now they can achieve something without the praising. In conclusion I believe true self-esteem comes form hard work, feeling good about your own grades and not expecting anything from anyone when you have worked really hard. The student will show their effort in their own work, and will look for their own achievements in school, so they can feel good about themselves. Those are the student that should be praised.  