Have you ever felt like you needed the guidance of another person? Many people have felt that way. It's never bad to ask for help or guidance from another person to get through things. Although having your life runner by someone else, seeking guidance isn't such a bad thing, because for some people making a big decision on their own could be hard and stressful, and you could also be guided into a good and healthier lifestyle where you are making better decisions and ideas. A reason people should seek guidance is because for some people making a big decision on their own could be hard and stressful. But having someone there with them while making the decision would be more than helpful and could possibly reduce the stress they have. For example my cousin would get very stressed out when she had to make big decisions on her own. But when she had someone there with her, or she asked for help she wasn't as stressed as she was when she had to decided on her own. Making decisions on your own is hard and intimating, so why not seek the guidance of someone else to help get though that tough decision-making? Another reason seeking guidance is a good idea, is because you'd be guided into a better and healthier lifestyle where you are making better decisions and ideas. As an example one of my closest friends was going through a dark time in her life and was making poor decisions. But she found someone she looked up to and asked for their guidance. So they guided her to a better lifestyle, where she now makes better decisions than she did before. All because she had someone to guide and help her. Guidance really does play a big role in a better lifestyle and better choice making on people.However, one might say, "well your life is being runner by another person." But it really isn't being runner by another person, because you also have the choice to listen to them or not. Or that your mentor or whoever is guiding will tell you what to do or how to live your life. In some cases they do tell you how to live your life, but they tell you how to live a better and healthier life, but can't force you to change in any way. Having your life runner by someone else isn't ideal but seeking guidance isn't the worse idea because you'd be guided in good ways such as a better lifestyle and could be guided through big hard decision-making. In conclusion, I believe peoples lives wouldn't be horrible with the guidance of someone because they aren't only guided you to better your life, but they are also helping you with hard decision-making and getting through things.