Should schools control students involvement in extracurricular activities, or should the decision regrading extracurricular involvement to left to students and their families? Students should decide on what extracurricular activities they will be interested in and discuss with their families because parents or guardians can support their decisions, they can be able to find their talents, and be able to get awesome scholarships or grades. First students should decide on what activities they will be interested in because parents or guardians can support their children. Students will be absolutely be proud of their families by supporting them to do what they like, for example like sports. Teenagers are interested in activities because they like their own sports or the whole family likes sports. Student likes to get an approval from their families because they feel euphoria when their family accepts them. Teenagers also love when parents or guardians support them because they can have persuasive thoughts about the extracurricular activities. Second students should decide on what activities they will be interested in because they can be able to find their talents. Coaches from different activities can see how good the students are and can see their special talents in them. Students are not perfectionist like god, but instead they work really hard to show that teens can do it. Teenagers can also feel that they are talented because maybe it can be in their family tree lines. Students can figure out their talents by practicing every day and be able to play like how professional do it. Also, Teenagers will realize how to never give up on their activities. Finding their talents is an entertaining expression because people around the world can be amazed at how teenagers can be so good at extracurricular activities. Third students should decide on what activities they will be interested in because they can get awesome scholarships or grades. Students can get scholarships by showing how much their activities mean to them. Teenagers get much better scores on their grades because they can be able to focus and stay healthy. It can be helpful for their college, their future, and their family status. Their coaches will be really proud of them by getting scholarships from different countries. Getting amazing grades and scholarships is the legendary epic passionate feeling that students will never forget in their lives. Another point of view is many students do not like the school to control their activities. However, many people believe that school should have total control regarding extracurricular involvement of students after school because that think that school staff knows better and that they can guide students to get involve into more productive activities. Which would eventually result into a more bright and smart teens who would feel more comfortable to face the real world. In conclusion deciding on the extracurricular activities they will be interested in will benefit their scholarships or grades, their families will support their children, and the students will find their true talents. So teenagers can become the 10 out of 10 in their best of the extracurricular activities. Also, students can now decide and control their own extracurricular activities being able to become a legendary, passionate, euphoric, having awesome persuasive thoughts, and epic person. 