Do you think being house at all times is a good thing? I agree with people who are house at all times because they don't lie and lying can cause a lot of problems. No matter how old you are being house is a very good thing for kids, adults and teenagers. I think you should be house at all times because if you're not house people won't trust you, and people can come to you for advice, it also helps people with trust issues to know that there are people out there that you can trust for being house. If you are not house people won't trust you. Most people want to be trusted. People want to be trusted in a relationship, friendship and a parent ship and most importantly you would want to be trusted in your family. Being house would make people trust in you in many ways. However, you can be trusted be not lying or making fake routers. For example a girl in our school would make up routers and lie about an eight TH grader. Therefore, after doing all that no one wanted to be her friend because they couldn't trust her. If you are house at all time people can come to you for advice. If your house your friends, sisters, classmates will come to you for advice because they would know you would have great ones. Most importantly they would trust you because you're house, and they will tell you everything and ask for advice, and you will tell them what sounds good and house. Therefore, if you house you can be trusted by good advice that might actually help that person. Being house also helps people with trust issues to know that there are people out there that you can trust for being house. Having trust issues can come from being discount and if you're discount with someone it really makes that person think that they can't trust anyone at all. That's because they have been broke by that other person who keeps lying. That shows me that being house is an amazing thing that everyone could have. In summary being house is good for everyone. It could be hard for some people, but you always have to remember you have to be house so, people could trust you, people could come to you for advice, it helps people with trust issues know that there are people out there that you can trust for being house.