All schools from United States have a longer summer vacations and that make the students happy, but there are some educators feel that summer break is too long and that students don't retain information as easily when they return to school. Summer vacations should don't be change because students want to go to others countries, spend time with their friends and family, and they don't want to be worry about school. When the students are in summer vacations they're planning to go and visit others countries. They want to go to visit their family that live in other country, or they only want to go and meet new places. If the educators change the summer vacations to only 3-4 weeks the students will not have much time to visit the places that they want to go. Nevertheless, not all the students want to go to others countries and stay a long time, there some prefer stay in home, but they spend the summer doing what they like to do. The students like to spend time doing things that they like to do in summer vacations; for example, they want to spend sometime with their family and friends and make memories together. Also, they want to work to make money, play video games, play some sports, or go to a summer camp. Meanwhile, others students don't want to go outside because it's so hot, or they don't like to be under the sun, but they also don't want to go to school. Students like summer vacations because they can make a lot of things that they can't do when they are in school. For example, if they want to go to a party or to a friend's house and can back to their houses until the morning or if they want to watch TV all the day they can do it. In addition, they are happy to have a long summer vacation because they are not worry about homework or projects, they don't have to get up early to go to school, or study for a test. A long summer break can affect the memory of the students, and they can forget something's that they learn in school; however, some students like to review their notes, and it's not so long the summer break. Furthermore, the students don't forget everything that they had learned and take a break of something so difficult and important like school is good. In conclusion, a long summer break is something good that help the students to relax and come back the next school year with a big smile and ready to learn new things. The students like more a long than a short summer break because they can do more things that they like. The students like summer more than winter because in winter is cold and there not many things to do. Instead, in summer is hot and there are so many things to do. Therefore, the summer vacations should stay the same and don't be change.