Duke Ellington said that," A problem is a chance for you to do your best". I do agree on what Duke Ellington said. My reasons for this quote are because of You can show what you can do, You can learn what you need to know, and You can help other people show what they can do. First, In any problem l can beat it there is nothing in my way to stop me from getting to goal. For example l had to pass a test in order to pass the class. L took my time l read the question over and over again. When l felt that my eye's whore going to fall out l kept going. I told that test who was the boss. I showed it what l knew. In addition, l was on the football team l had to know the play's. In order to start in the next game l had to show everyone and the couches l knew the plays. Later in the day it was time for me to face my problem. After 23 catches l showed my teammates and couch l knew the plays. In other words try your best at everything. Secondly, l don't know everything in the world. For example, I had a good friend named Generic_Name had a girlfriend named Generic_Name they both had a great and good times together. One day Generic_Name wanted to go ice skating. One thing she didn't know Generic_Name hatted skating. When Generic_Name was little he loved skating, but one day he fell trying to do a 360 spin, and he broke his leg ever sense that moment in Generic_Name life has not been the same. Generic_Name said the pain felt like 100 gun shot to the leg. The doctor told Generic_Name to take 3 pills a day to make him fell better. The doctor also said 20% of people break there leg a year you will be fine. Year passed by to the present Generic_Name was talking to Generic_Name it's time to go ice skating Generic_Name didn't want Generic_Name knowing what happened. Generic_Name told him self let's go. As soon as he got on the ice he fell Generic_Name started to laugh the said you got some learning to do. Generic_Name said l guess you're right. Lastly, l could and will always help someone beat their problem and try there best. For example l needed help on this paper for science l didn't know a single thing. My Brother Generic_Name knew a lot about science me and Generic_Name didn't really help each other a lot, but for some reason he helped me finish the paper. L asked him why did he help me he said you looked like you needed help. L wanted to see you do good in life and face your problems and beat them, But sometimes you need some help from other people. In addition, Generic_Name wanted me to get a good grade on that paper he told me that your never alone. In other words there is nothing wrong with getting help on anything. In other words, A problem is a chance for you to do your best wise words from Duke Ellington. I agree 1,000% on what he said everything you do should be at your 100%. You can show what you know, You can learn what you need to know to get better, and You can help others show what they can do to face their problems and beat them. The last thing l will tell you is stop taking the easy way and take the hard way to see if you can do it.