Some parents think that is normal for students to choose a career a young age, but other people think that is better for students to choose a career when they feel get ready for to take this responsibility. Why is important that students to choose a career to young age? Although some say it is good idea for students to commit to a career to young age because the students can to learn more, actually it is a bad idea for students to commit to a career to young age because the students don't have time for explore new things, and they don't have time for fun in the high school. Some person believe that is a good idea for students to commit a career to young age. One reason is because the students can to learn more in a specific environment. For example, the students who choice a career by time they enter high school. They have an idea about the class they want to take. For this reason, when they finish high school they are more prepared. A 35% the students choose a career to you age because they think it is help for your future. However, it is bad idea for students to commit a career to young age because they don't have the opportunity to explore new things. For example, in the high school the students have the opportunity to choose 2 or 3 elective class. This CLAS to help the student to find or explore a new hobby, and some time this class to help to discover what do you like or what do you want in the future. In my opinion, I think that these class are good for the students who not have an idea what they want to study in the future. For example, I want to learn to play guitar and I take the music class, but I discover I am so bad in this type of class. My second year I take a math class and I discover that I love math and I think that I want to continue to learn about this class. The other reason is it is bad idea for students to commit a career to young age because the student don't have time for fun. One reason is that students is only focus his study, and they don't pay attention her and his friends. They are worried because they have -B in your class, or they don't make the homework. In my pinion, It is good that they are worry about your grade, but they need time to fun because they teacher and old people think that is good that students take a break (rest landing) sometimes. In my experience, I Hera a lot of memory with my friends for this reason I recommend all students pay attention your friends and create a lot of memory like me. But no forget the school and the most important your family. In conclusion, it is bad idea for students to commit a career to young age because they need to consider what they want to study in the future. In my experience, is better to take time to fun with friends, your family and take time think about what do you do in your future.