I agree that the positive attitude is the key to success in life. The reason why a lot of people agree with me in this subject, is because a lot of people that have a negative attitude or mindset, their though or ideas would always be negative. All those people would never be success in life, because no matter what they would like to do in life or the ideas they have in their head that they want to do in life. All those people would always have that negative spot in their head, that would not let them success in life, all those people would have to work two times harder to make it to the end, to make their dreams come true and success in life. Out of 100% of people that have a negative attitude or mindset, only 10% would success in life, the other 90% would not be able to success in life. The people that have a positive attitude in life, all those people would success in life, because everything would be easy for them, because no matter how hard the situation gets, they have always gone think that they can do it. They always have the mindset of we would get thought this and we have gone do it and can do it. Nothing would stop them from making their dreams come true. They would not let anything get into their heads, that is why for all those people are easy to make it until the end, to make their dreams come true and be successful in life, because all those people know what they want to do in their life and because they want the best for them and to give their family the best in the future. The people with their mind set positive and 100% sure of what they want to do with the life, their reasons can be because they want a better life for them, want to help other people and been an example for other people, like guys or girls that are about to graduate high school that they would start seeing what the real word world is, they want to give their families a better future. They want to be a good example for their kids, they want to show their kids that no matter how hard life gets, they do not need to give up or have a bad attitude in life, because that would not help them to be successful in life, that they need to stay positive no matter what and always keep their attitude and mindset positive, that if they stay positive, they would success in life and would make all their dreams come true. Geting to a conclusion, lot of people would agree that all the people that have a negative mindset would not make it and be success in life and that it would really hard for them, because they would have that mindset that they are not gone make it, and they would always have a negative thought in their head, that would not let them make their dreams come true. In the other side people know that they people that have a positive mind set they would make all their dreams come true, that those people would be a great example for other people to make their dreams come true, those people have their mindset that they want to be better for their life and the future, because they want to be a good example for their kids and their family. They want other people to see that nothing is impossible in this life that everyone can make it and make all their dreams come true. All they need to have us. A positive attitude to be success in life 