Having a good attitude is important if we want success. If you don't have good attitude in what we're doing then we can never get the things that we have to do do for instance if I didn't have a good attitude every time things got hard I wouldn't have done the things I did. Take for example If I would've had a bad attitude every time something went wrong in my life I wouldn't be as happy as I am now because we all go through difficult times but how we choose to handle it is way different. Take famous people for example if they would've given up every time people said horrible things to them, they wouldn't Have as much money as the do now or famous as they are now. People who don't have good attitudes don't want other people to have success because they wish they had a good enough attitude to do what others are doing. If we decide to have a good attitude we can get more things done and accomplish way more than anyone else. It's also nice to help other people with their attitudes. By helping other people we can have way more success it's just simple if we want to accomplish more than we can help people with their attitudes and help them get way more things done. Another example I have a friend, and she didn't have a good attitude about her grades, but she didn't want to work hard to improve them, so I told her if she wanted to get her games up she had to have a good attitude about them, and she did the started working harder, and she improved so much. Having a good attitude in life can help us out so much when we want to accessed. It is important to have a positive outlook on life and not focus on the negative things. If we focus on the negative things too much we may forget to look at all the positive things in life. It's better to spend our time enjoying life instead of worrying about our problems a lot. After all we only live once and if we spend our whole life being negative then we won't be happy in life. Being negative in life isn't how we want to speed out life if we focus on all the bad things in our life we will not accessed at all.  