Do you think people always succeed without any challenge in their life?. Author Ralph Waldo Emerson is right. Some people sometimes decide to isolate because they cannot handle the pressure of this world being a human is not easy because sometimes you just feel that the comments that the people make about you are real, but everybody should be strong and be themselves, because we as humans we can do anything that we want to achieve our goals and never pay attention to those comments because we can show them who we really are. Firts, desire a lot of people when they see someone that is doing great on their life, sometimes people don't like it, others ones start thinking on doing it because they know the man/woman are there because they work hard, in this world nothing is easy to have unless you work so hard to get it but never try to be someone else and is not necessary to do things that you don't like because you are trying to be like one else not do the mistake the most important thing is that you are going to show to those people that did not believe in you that nothing is impossible even when this world if full of envy. Second, confidence now people around the world what they see in a person is their appearance, clothes, shoes, etc., now people are like trying to be something that they are not to try to fit in this fake world, but you know there is where you realize that is wrong to be honest things don't matter what really matter is who you are you and what can you offer to this world that is trying to kick you out, but you start getting confidence and that is a big challenge to try to be house around people that don't see life the way you see it. Third, success as the world give you hard times you start to be strong, sometimes you have to go through things ` that you start to think about giving up, but you quickly think that you are wrong that you are going to make it even if is impossible like the author says "To be you yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishments." Some people have lost their confidence because they are trying to be something that they're not, people think that being fake is the best way to fit, I don't think like them, I think that you should, you be who you really are. In a world where you have to fight to be yourself and don't get lost in the fantasy that the world offers you that is the greatest accomplishment. A lot of people might argue that is not true, but they are all wrong because people always can be themselves if they want even is the world if full of lies is their responsibility to make real their dreams. In the future I will try to tell the people that nothing is impossible, to not be afraid of who they are that each person if different in that is what make us special. In this life you just have to be yourself enjoy every moment because after you get old you will regret everything that you didn't because you just were to be busy trying to be someone you are not. To conclude, life sometimes gives you the opportunity to discover who you really are and know what is what you want.