I think it's a good idea to ask people for other people opinion because people might have better thought on something, they can have different options for you, and it also can help you later in life. I think we should ask people for there opinion because they might have a better thought. For example if you wanted to go shopping for cloths and you don't know which one to pick. People will give options of what they think, and they can tell you which one they prefer more. There are variety options you can pick from. You can choose your own and ask people if they like it or not. If you don't know which one to pick between two options. You can ask friends, family, or anyone you feel computable with you can get an idea which one you want more. It's always a good thing to ask for people opinion. Asking for people opinion is good they can have different options for you. You can ask on different flavor of ice cream you can get as many options as you want. People can give you different opinions on what they think which ice cream taste better than other ones. Different options is always a good thing to use. Its bad sometimes having only one option the more options the better. The more options you get you won't have problems with picking things of what you want. It is easier to pick and you can have what you want. All these opinions can help us out later in life. In the future you might need help on which flavor ice cream is good. You can ask someone, and they can give you an opinion which one is good. It's good to have opinion some of them you might not like. Everyone don't have the same opinion which is okay everyone can have different opinion on different types of things. Over time, you might need an opinion on something, and you can think what people have said before, or you can ask someone to help you out. Different opinions and thoughts can help you more in life and you won't have problems with picking things. It's good to have different opinions on different things that people give you. All these opinions people give you can help you later in the future and different kinda of opinions. I think it is better choice to ask someone on their opinions and get an idea of what other people think about different things.  