I don't think students would be benefit to attend classes from home. Reasons1-difficult.2-Get distracted.3-confused. First I don't think students would be benefit to attend classes from home. It can be hard if they don't understand something. Is not the same the class in the computer to have a teacher explaining you. If you have a question it's difficult to ask the computer unlike to ask a teacher. Second I don't think students would be benefit to attend classes from home they can get distracted for anything. If they get lazy they can say they're going to take the class later. If they want to watch a movie they're going to forge thinks about the class. They can get distracted for anything like the phone, music,and the TV. Attend class from home would not benefit students if they want to hang out with their friends they can leave the class in any moment unlike if they have a teacher giving the class in the school they can respect the class, put more attention, and understand better the class. Third I don't think students would be benefit to attend class from home they can get confused with the class. If they take the class online they can read the direction but sometimes even reading the directions students get confused.is better to attends the classes in the school, so a teacher can help students with anything students will need. Teachers have the experience to explain students what they need to do about the class. Attend classes online students basically are alone so is more confused to understand the class. In school if students get confused they can ask someone else to understand. At home, they don't have anybody, so they have to think a lot to understand. Attend classes from home can affect students grades for less knowledge about the class unlike in the schools they have many opportunities to learn better. In conclusion students would not be benefit to attend classes from home they can get distracted for anything. It can be more difficult for them to understand the classes. They can get confused with things about the class for not have a teacher with them personality to be helping them to understand the class.