Character traits are what define a person. There are what make one person different the another. Although some people believe we choose our own character, nevertheless, our character are influences beyond our control because technology influences our traits and famous people can influence our traits and our parents influences our traits by they expectations. To begin, video game can influence our traits. For example, my own experience say3 year ago I start play video game, when I star play with my friends. We always say that when we grow up we like to do what they are doing because their life look good. Also, we start doing the same things as the game like dancing, and thinking same as the game, and acting like them. Our others friend who do not play the game they tell us, that we are change our traits because we are acting like them too. One day we released that game was influenced our character. Clearly, because we star thinking in the future our life same as the game, and that we can do our future as we see in the game easily. Furthermore, famous people influenced our traits. To continue with my experiences in things that I was influence, for example, when I was 12 years old. One day I was on YouTube, and I star see some videos about bloggers beauty, where they have a lot of makeup I do not use any makeup at the age, but when I see that they do their makeup, and look so beautiful I start doing my makeup, and think because Was wearing makeup I look good, one they my mom ask me why I am wear makeup, if I told her that I do not like makeup, I just say because they do their makeup. Then, now that I am 19 years old, I released that I was doing things that I do not like because they are doing. Clearly, this proves me that I was influences for a famous beauty. Finally, our parents influences our traits by they expectations. I will say something our parents want we do what they want. For example, we want to go out we are friends, and we ask our parents if we can go they say not, because they think that our friend is a bad person. Also, they want to change our thought saying that bad thing about our friends, and finally they change are though about our friends. This show that, our parents can change our expectations about our friends. Clearly, parents always want we do what they want, and we always want they want because we do not them mad with us. To concluded, our character are influenced beyond our control because video game can influences are traits and famous people can influence our traits, and our parents influences our traits by they expectations. Technology influenced our character in form that we that life be like them and people can influence our change in the form the do thing only, because we see they are doing then older people want to change our though to what they think. To conclude, our character traits can be influences in different ways that we never expect that can happen. 