Thomas Jefferson wrote about to determine never be idle that means, we need to do something to be wonderful how much we're done if we are going to do something to look what they need to be we need to purpose to do the things never give up we need to continue doing this; We need to serve the country, we need to organized people they or we nerve going to be an idle. I am Aggie not be an idle because we need support, we need to help which others like some people do that we support and purpose to help. It is wonderful how much we're done if we never give up and to be prepared we nerve don't know what is going to happen? In seconds, minutes, hours, you feel wonderful went you are doing something to me an able to help people how do you know to look wonderful the things we are doing never stop continue ding the great and wonderful this doing to succeed is doing something really difficult, and you can do this you can never give up you can continue doing this hard difficult you are a person can do things really hard you need to purpose to do this never give up. I am designer in other part because some people don't want to continue and this doing this you are not able to stop for a little problem and not sometimes continue we need to choose the responsibilities we have. For example, you have a problems or difficult things you need to tried to continue to be a responsible person don't give up you purpose continue doing the great things organized your ideas and plans you have to finish the difficult things Thomas Jefferson wants to continue to do we need to accomplish more if we are always doing something never stop and not doing something people said i don't know how it can do this you need to some part of you to do this you need to support other persons to start doing things, like you needed went you start doing something. You nerve be able to determine the idle we had support we are wonderful doing this we CAE up we nerve give up we have options opportunities to do something to be that person. Thomas Jefferson said we are wonderful we are doing always great things we can accomplish are ideas to whatever things we want to do we organized this we do difficult things we can finish great things and continue doing hard things and wonderful things how you discontinue doing the problems we are great organized countries activities and nerve let your opportunities go, you need to determine never to be idle. I think Thomas Jefferson said these things because some people is not doing anything's for they self just waiting what is going to happens and what can do went something happen we need to start doing something we don't know what is going to happens in a second, minutes and hours we need to be able to do something to wake up for doing some things we are not doing we need to think for the US for everyone not just me we can help to determine to be not an idle something we can do. I think we not doing anything because is not my problem is their problem we don't thing we can help what we can do for help for something needs we are a wonderful people why we can not help, or we want to be an accomplish people not doing anything to help how needed us help we can organize a campaign of people and do new things we can not be an inactivity person we have great things to do we also can serve an organization of people they need help. Furthermore, I am able not be a person not do anything for people we can change the world which the thins we are doing we organized things we finished everything they put to we are can do this and never gives up we can choose to do something or nothing we had options we had everything what you want to do. I determine I am never give up I am going to do something we can do this.