Music, drama, art class are considered as an elective class. Since such class will never be use in a daily basis in life. It's not required for you in order to graduate so to speak there are many more choices rather than music, drama, and art class to replace with it. It shouldn't be a required class for the student to take since everyone has a different mindset of what they want to be. Something we use in our life that we learn from school is basic math to do our taxes and bills, but when will you ever use music, drama, or art in life, It's more like a hobby rather than a need in order to maintain a stable life. People don't care if you know how to write a song, act melodramatic, and how to draw Mona Lisa, applying for a job with such thing in your portfolio won't get you employed in most places. If you major in such things, only those of who are talented and skilled will only be able to have a successful life in such class. Electives are there for a reason, to have a starting point of what you want to be in the future, if it was turned to a required class, the world would have a second renaissance. You don't need it in order to graduate. College wouldn't look into those as much as the prerequisite to your diploma or the major subject. Knowing how to paint or sculpt clay wouldn't be at the SAT that college look into if you're eligible of going to their school or if they want you. As people grow up and go to college, their goals will change eventually. For example, you grow up, and you want to be a doctor and halfway through your college year you want to be a Scientist instead. You've covered some similar classes or lessons already since they are both major in science, but such classes like music, drama, or art class doesn't have any similarity when you changed your goal. They are a specific to themselves, they don't have a wide broad of category that shares with other subjects at all. Learning and able to make music, be dramatic, and draw art might be a useful thing. Write songs for famous artist, act on plays and movies and even be recognized for your work in arts and make a lot of money from it. Only if you are successful, whether you are born with a talent or obsessed in such things and have one goal from the start. Only those of few will be able to make a living out of it. It's not reliable career to as much as to be a requirement in school to be. Only to be fixated in such subjects gives you less option of what you want to be, it's not as needed in reality so that is why classes such as music, drama, and art be an elective. Students should not be required to take those classes since they will not have as much choice in what they want to be in their life.  