Should such classes be electives for the students ? Students may have electives classes and decide what to do and what they like for be more good in the school and have some attention on it. Firstly they would like to go the school because they will feel like a little break of an hour on the class that they like for be chilling. They will not get frustrated or bored on the day of school, and they will get off of stress for all the day they will have s time just for doing what they like to do. They will forget all of they work that have to be done because with other classes have homework, class work and the students will be feeling tired. And maybe they will not want to come the school anymore. Secondly students will be doing something that they enjoy because they will be happy to do something that entertained their minds, and maybe they will be creative with a lot of things they will want to do in the class. It could be exited for them to have a class that they would like to have. Is good for their brains because the brain is going to work with more interested for be doing something that get all of their attention, and they will be relaxing because they don't have to worry if they don't know how to do something because they like it, and it will be that easier to make.Finally, it could be an opportunity for them because students can fine their profession, what they want to be in the future. They may decide if they really like to be for example a Artist or something else. They may be fine that they are more good they think they are. And maybe they do a big and good work and someone like it for example a professor, and they will recommend to universities and that's how they can open new doors for the future of this new generation that it could be the best if you will let them have electives classes. Students can have electives classes because they can have a time for doing what they really like it and is a right that students should have to be more interesting on school. 