The constantly tying to do make something else is the greatest accomplishment. I think for this that is the very better idea, I agree because when you do something's. When are you doing something's may be this can help for another person that is great for all the time. This support we can something better because you know make some great this can effect for some people, and can I'm disagree, for example when to doing some helped to hospital may be can bring some support with you pay 20 dollar for month. This helped to hospital is something you know about the greatest accomplishment because you do this idea about yourself. That is constantly trying of yourself. This is always and without interruption or can be again and again without end, and me position this issue is real education, so you do something in then you have you doing a discussion. When you have something to doing, then we have to do a discussion about what is the greatest accomplishment this that happened because we have to do something individuality, and make a support, for example we have to make some better we know about this how the education is the great discussion because everybody have to making a reason and bring the support, and this position I agree because when you spoke about of the education for all the children the is some sure. The greatest accomplishment can be something bad you can report a situation. For these things you do some this is for yourself because you make some can have a discussion, and you're making to be better accomplishment or learn more about for this experienced. For instance what is right of accomplishment is the tying to make something such as a blessing somebody the is the greatest accomplishment because you're making very good for some people this is agreed, and the is action you're doing and support because you make is good reasons. Also, for some specific example about is the greatest accomplishment is when all the people in a country are developed the is of better accomplishment because the people of for this country to make a discussion, trying, talent for that country can be developed. Also, something accomplishment we're trying to be better because sometime is so difficulty to do here is we have to use the talents for support the idea for develop. Sometime of the talented is having to be more considerable because we have to do a particular effort, and support this position on this issue. I feel the position when tying to make about something right you are make some greatest accomplishment agree because we're trying helped and then make a reasons specific next doing a discussion and depiction. I make every day to be better for any class. And tying to helped some people this is a constantly that make, when trying to make something is so difficult because I have to make a discussion but for a discussion all have to talent this is statement about individuality to making. However, I has to use the talent. Also in the life and future all the people have to make bigger the greatest accomplishment this is that people can be more great life. The greatest accomplishment something's factor that have in the life. Also, may be can something has to resolver with a discussion. Also, this thing has to be the greatest because we're trying to some to do and support.  