It has been said that first impressions are almost impossible to change. I agree, The first impressions are the main idea of a relationship. Went you meet a new person you got to show your best impression be respectful, helpful, and have some good attitude. The first impression is something the can't change later on the future, because is something the make or the other person make. On your first impression you need to give your on personality you're done want to act different, because then later you're going to want to change and you're going to make the other person think different about you his going to think you not the person the knows. The first thing you show on the first impression is respect. The way you act around the person, things the do when you with the person, The language the used around the person.Also, you need to be helpful for the person, show the person the care about it. Help one each another, and work together. Be happy around the person, your first impression is the one the is going to show your personality. Also have the person talk about her life. Let her know you wants to know a little more about her, tell her if she needs something let you know you always going to be there for her. Make her feel like she won one person not the has something the is going to rude is life. All those small things the make wrongs on the first impression can cost you everything the ha've been done. Just try to do your best because the first impression is the one the make everything happens. The attitude is very important in the case, you have to give your best at the first impression. If you do everything good on your first impression, you're going to be fine. Just be happy, respectful, and have a good attitude. All these things can make your first impression wonderful for you and the person you're meeting. But also you need to show your original personality because you don't want to show your opposite. Everything you do on your first impression is the one the need to keep with the person, because you don't want the person to leave just because you show something different went she meet you. Want to be the same because the first impression is the one the make the relation work. For those people who think the first impressions don't matter that's a lie because everything you show on the first impression is the one the support your relationship. If you did everything good one the first impression and now you're not doing the same as you stared your relationship is going to be pretty bad. But if you did everything good and you're still doing the same everything is going to be fine. Just do your on personality, and you don't have to worried about change your first impression. The way should agree with the first impression is the can't change what you make at the first impression. Even if you're trying to change you always going to remember you ready have goon through the first impression so you're always going to have on your relationship. All the respect, help, and attitude on your first impression is worked you just need to bring all your personality together and your first impression is going to be the fantasy.  