I agree with Winston Churchill because without failure how can we be successful in life. First, reason why because If you fail at something you can reflect on it. Second, failure can make you become better than you were yesterday if you work hard. Third, Is never let failure consume you. Instead, use failure to lead you to success. You can always reflect on something you fail at, and become better. If, you don't study yourself at something you failed at, then you can't become successful. For example, say you were playing a football game, and you missed your tackle in the game. After the game you watch the film, and see what mistakes you did wrong. After you seen what was wrong in film. You studied the film, and train harder in practice for next game, so that won't happen again. Another reason you can do after you reflect on yourself is practicing at something you love to do. For example, riding a bike for the first time without training wheels. If you fail at riding a bike, then you have to practice, so you can become better at it. In order to practice you have to reflect on it first. After you reflect what you did wrong, then you will become better when you practice. Failure can teach you to become better than you were yesterday if you work hard. For example, you went to practice for a 100 meter, but you did not warm up at all. You decided to run the 100 meter for the first time anyway. After you finish the 100 meter you didn't feel good about the time you had. The next day you decide to warm up, and work harder to get better results. After your training you wanted to run a 100 meter. When you ran a 100 meter you felt better with your time, and decided to work harder every day to become better than you were yesterday. This is how failure is making you better because it is teaching you that if you fail at something, you can always pick it back up, and become better, then what you were doing that day when you failed at something. If you want to become better, then you were yesterday. Then don't worry about the past because thinking about it all the time will bring you back to failure. For example, say you are mad that you lost your 100-meter race in fourth place. When you lost, you keep thinking about it all the time, and can't move forward for the next race. When the next race starts the day after you lost. You lost the race again in fourth place because you keep thinking about the race you lost in the past, then thinking about how can you can become better than you were yesterday. The point is in order to become better you have to think how can you improve better for the future, then thinking about how you failed in the past. Never let failure consume you. Instead, use failure to lead you to success. For example, say you have a math test on Monday, but you decide on Sunday to not study for it because you think the test is very easy. On Monday you give up on a math test, and decide to fail it. The reason why because you did not study, and it was too hard for you. You decide to retake it on Tuesday, and learn from your mistakes. On Tuesday after you failed the math test. You took the test again to get a better score because you studied very hard to succeed in the test. This is why you always use failure to lead you to success. If you let failure consume you, then you won't reach to the top to become successful. For example, you can't swim at all, and your growing. For some reason you don't want to reach the top because you are depressed, and want to give up. In conclusion, I still believe It is impossible to be successful without failure. Without failure, we cannot reach the top to be successful. Without failure, we cannot reflect on things to become better. Without failure, we cannot become better than yesterday. In order to become successful we have to use failure to lead us to success. It's okay to fail because after you learn from it. Everything is going to be okay when you overcome it, and be better. 