I absolutely agree that technology had impacted our society in so many positive ways that effects on people lives, and there's people who don't have so much time to go out and get what they need, so they use technology to help themselves. You can buy a car or buy groceries without speaking to another person, and you can do all that by only using your cellphone or computer, that's why I think technology has brought us a new tool. Have you ever heard people saying "I want to go to the movies but I have gone to the store." I bet there is people out there. They like to go out, but they have so much to do that they can't and is not a problem because we have technology that can help us with stuff that we need without going to the store or deal with people humors. Also, you can save time to use it in another activities like you can go and have fun with the family or friends. However there's people that they're against technology, and everyone has they opinion about it. Unfortunately we still have technology that we can use it. There's people who like to use technology because it's a new way to see the world. They can get so much done using technology like they can create new things like: new cars, new smart-phones, new styles of clothing, and so much more like its a unique way to see what can technology do for us without taking us so much time. But they are people who still think that doing stuff in the old way is the same, I mean everyone has the own description of things. Personally I think without technology will take us so much to make new stuff so unfortunately technology we get done some amazing things. In today's society technology has been doing so much like helping students by doing their homework's, and I think Technology is great, it just depends on how do you use it and what do you want to do with it. Yes some people would say that technology has done so much damage in kids brains but however kids are leaning faster, and they're using their imagination to do whatever they want.  