The first impressions are so important. Some people say that the first impressions are almost impossible to change nevertheless, a person can easily change his/her first impressions because, human is a developed creature that can easily keep moving and change the first impressions with his/her ideas and experiences. It should not even be a doubt in the people who already faced this situation and has developed ideas.Some people says that the first impression is important. Yes, it is important. This is your first look to a person or another thing. It is easy to be impressed or shocked. But it is easy to go over it and change it. Almost everyone has their own ideas, not just the person who impresses. Another person can come with better ideas than that person. An average person is developing his/her ideas since kindergarten. Maybe by language, maybe science/math, maybe sports/arts. But almost everyone has their developed ideas. Even if they think that they don't have any ideas, they are using their family's ideas. The person's family helps to create their mindset since they are born. A person is getting in this impression situation certain times in their life. Unfortunately there are some people who can't keep moving after the first impression. They keep their mind set impressed to that person for forever. But also there are some people that can easily get rid of that awful experience and can keep moving. Because they know that they can easily go over this situation and can change it. Even a person can live like he/she never experienced that moment to keep their mind clear. A person has his/her own idea that could easily go over impressions and change it. Is there any other way to change the first impression? Absolutely. A person always gain experiences from born to death. Even though the first impressions are confusing and shocking, it is not a problem for people. Because they already experienced this situation. They already failed it or succeed it. It is hard to solve the first impressions that the person faces. But that is the waypoint. By keep failing it they learn how to succeed it. They learn how to go over it. A person never ever should be shy for failing to handle this situation. No one is successful in their first experiences, even in their 10th-20th experiences. This is how a person gain experience and learns how to go over this first impressions. Because they already faced it and went over it. Yes, the first impressions are important, and it could be shocking too. But a person can easily change this first impressions with his/her ideas and experiences. The person already has his/her own developed ideas that could change it really fast, also has experiences that will help to go over the first impressions.  