Although some say students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home because they might not take it serious, actually students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because it is more relaxing and even if students go somewhere or get an emergency they can still attend the classes online. Eventhough students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home there are some students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home because they might not take it serious. Some students this way might not pay attention. Also, they can use their phone or do other stuff while the teacher is teaching and their grades could go down fast. Students would benefit from being able to attend class from home because it is more relaxing. This way students don't have any stress over getting class on time or missing any classes. Also, students it is more relaxing because it is just yourself and the computer. So this way you don't have to worry about other kids or anything that would distract you. In a regular classroom at school there are some kids that distract the entire class, and you just feel so hopeless because you are trying to learn, but you are too distracted by the other kids. This way you can focus more and learn better. Students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because even if the students go somewhere, or they got an emergency you can still attend the classes online. This will benefit the students because it will minimize the days that you can't attend school. Also, if you had an emergency and have to go somewhere far away you can still attend school by online. Also, if you broke a bone on your leg or something, and you can't walk you might miss a lot of classwork and lessons that are important to you. For this online classes are easy for you. In conclusion even though some say students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home because they might not take it serious, actually students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because it is more relaxing and even if students go somewhere or get an emergency they can still attend the classes online.  