Do to have a good impression? I agree, the first impressions are almost impossible to change, because I feel that the first impression is important for everyone. There are many people that do not show how really are, and try that everyone love them, but at the end they show how really are and everybody moves away. The first impression said everything about us. I believe that, If you show them everything about you, the people will love you how you are, and they will trust on you. Always we need to be honest with you and with the people. My ideology is being honest with yourself and do not show something that you do not are, If you want that everyone show you how really are. I always show how I am friendly, lovely, funny, charismatic with everyone, and also try to help when someone need me with my knowledge and capacity. One of my experience is in my work, every single day new employees go to work in the store and I always help them to know how the store need to look like, and also with the customers I always smile, because I show my first impression with them, and I feel great when the customers saw me with a smile, and they said: Hi, how are you today, it is good to see you and have a good one. I have few months working in the store, and I feel comfortable with everyone, because the customers do not know you enough, but they trust on you, and they tell you something about his life, and with the rest of the employees we pass fun, We are like a family, and we help us ourselves. In the school is a little the different, because in the school I am shy, I do not talk with anyone just with my best friends, but I always show my emotions, enclose with the new people in the school, but sometimes they pretend to be good at the first time, but with the pass of the time they have different attitude. That happen to me around 2 years ago with different person, the first person I knew her in 9 grade, when the both was new in the school, We became friends and everything we did together, but She changes with the pass of the years, in summer another friend and his sister told us what she talks about me and my sister, but I always am honest with her and friendly, and she showed me something different from the first time. Then, with another girl was a little the same, because she had jealous for my sister and I to had good grades and be active in the school the last year, but she always had bad grades, and We tried to help her, but she never wanted, then with my sister and I move away from her because she was friendly with us, but she was a bad friend with us. I feel that we need to show always how We are not matter what everyone thing about us. Sometimes is good a new change in our lives, but never changing you essence. Something that I always do is think about my weakness and how can change it to a positive affinally, I think that We can be success in the life, the first impression will open many opportunities in the world, I know that the good person are these that show a good attitude when you know it the first time, and something in your heart told you that you knew a good person. Everyone will have present that they can trust in you, and they will feel great to know a person like you. The first impression is always a good one. Many people do not know me and they think that I am conceited just how I look like, and they do not take the time to talk with me or just smile me. My point of view is each person need to empathize with everyone know more people try to make new friend but always show like we are.  