How is possible to people think that success consist of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. I agree with minister Winston; it always would be a new opportunities to change the mistake people learn from failure. It gives everyone a chance to correct it. I also believe that failure is an important part in life to people must have success. One notable reason is that people learn from failure. For example, sometimes people get involved in some sadness problems that consist in failure. People have the opportunities to correct it; they would be able to reach their dreams or goals not matter how harder is life people always have to strive with enthusiasm. Moreover, in my personal opinion, 3 years ago I was playing for a soccer team I get involved in a situation where I got really stressful with myself because I'm training hard for playing the final game with my team. Unfortunately, I can't play the final game because the game before I committed a foul and I get a red card. My team loss the game, it was too lake for me do anything about it. I realized that not matter what I did in the past; it be always a new opportunities for improve and teach myself that failure it has an important role in life to be success. Futhermore, another important reason is that it gives people a better chance to correct it. This reminds me to a friend, who was in a situation where he was really disappoint because he fails his driving test. The next day, he cams to my house and talk to me about it. I remember that I told him to keep in his mind that it's important to be prepared for any situation that you know you have a lot of chances to pass if you trying and trying you will get on it. A lack of success depending on achieving goals and dreams. I think that failure is also a way to teach people that even if you fail you just always have to try no matter how many times you try it as long as you're trying without losing the enthusiasm you will reach your dreams, or goals. Some people would argue that success is not consist in failure; however, everyone in our society knows that failure is an important part in life to be success. People learn from failure, and it gives people a better chance to correct it. There is no limits to reach ours dreams as long as you keep going to complete it. Provides everyone a learning that not matter how harder is life, there would be millions of chances to be success with anything you want to do. In conclusion, success consist in failure without losing enthusiasm. The statement of minister Winston gives people a reflection about a topic of how failure is important for success.