I am against this issue because, it's just not a good idea for student's to graduate high school early, and enter the work force and college one year early. My reasons for this would be that, those who do graduate early will miss out on school activities. They will have to do so much preparation. Some don't see that after high school life gets tough, and who knows if they'll be able to handle it. Early graduate's will graduate a year early, but, they don't realize that they will miss out on school activities. Some activities that excite student's would be, the school dances such as prom, and homecoming. Dances are meant to enjoy a night with friend's, and get all dressed up for the night. Also, the day before a dance, there is always a football game, which is exciting because everyone goes to support the team and if they win they celebrate the day after, which would be at the dance. Pep-rallies are when all four grade levels come together and verse each other on which class has the loudest cheer, and who has the most point's when it comes to the games they end up playing. Spirit week is also when all classes verse to win point's. To earn the points they must dress up as the theme of that day or buy what is being sold that day. The themes they would usually do would be twin day Monday, polka dot Tuesday, and for the sells it would be spirit chain's that get hung up. Senior activities are when all the graduate's do their last activities with those classmates they've known since elementary school. They have a senior picnic which is when only the seniors go and have lunch together. Also, some go on a class trip, and they take their class picture. Even though early graduate's will miss out on school activities there's more important things than that. They might think that they are ready, but in reality they don't think about the preparation they need to face. Depending on what diploma they are headed for either the standard or advance, each diploma has its requirements for graduation. Standard diploma's really don't ask for much. There might be a chance that you won't be in need of doubling up on classes. Unlike the advance diploma it asks for so much. An advance diploma may require you to double up due to the fact that it requires many classes. Also, students won't be able to take any of those exciting elective courses that are by most the best classes a student could take. Of course the classes aren't the only thing that must be completed, there are many tests that take place. Math, science, history, and the most difficult would be the English test. They must pass each test for graduation. This would mean that, students won't have time to distract themselves' by other things, and, will have to stay on task to maintain their grades up. Some might say otherwise that if they're going through this road it's because they are aware and are ready. Although graduating early excites them, it is better if they wait another year and graduate when they have to. My reason to this would be because the work force and college will be completely different from high school. High school might be the easiest part of starting to understand life. Most student's that graduate early are juniors, and are sixteen and seventeen years of age. This is pretty difficult at that age, they would have a hard time finding a decent job that will help them pay their tuition; unless they have another way of paying like a scholarship or some other way. Perhaps some might do both work and school at the same time, but, it could end up being too hard on them because they are too young and aren't as prepared as they thought. If some were to be at the age of eighteen they would have to face adult responsibilities; such as taxes, rent, insurance, and much more.However, some might think otherwise. People who favor this issue support early graduation. Their reasoning would be that it's an early start in life, and some students do it certain reason. It could be a family matter or other reasons. But, I disagree, in no way is graduating from high school early good. Those students that graduate early will miss out on so many good things that come with high school. They will be stressed due to so much they had to do just to get out a year early; if that didn't stress them out then having to go college and going to work to pay for their education will.  