Generic_City is the one place in this world I would like to visit. Mexico is a very nice and pretty place to visit and a lot of people go there to visit. I like to go to Mexico because there so much to do, and it's really fun. When I go over there I do a lot of stuff every single day like hang out with family, go to the plaza, go to the beach, go to the movies, go rollerskating, go downtown and shop over there, and much other stuff. My favorite thing to do over there is to help the bakers make bread and also to be with my family. Mexico also has good Mexican food that you will probably like. There are other places I would like to travel to but I choose Mexico because it's my moms' hometown, there's a lot to do, and because I get to see my grandma, uncles,aunts, and cousins. Mexico is my favorite place to visit because I get to hang out with my old friends and go to the pool and swim til I get tired. When I was little my mom would take me to the zoo a lot with my friends, and we would have a blast. Sometimes I wish to live over there because it's an amazing place to be at, but sometimes I don't because I would have to go to school over there and I would have to learn how to write and read in Spanish, which I'm not very good at. Mexico is kinda similar to Virginia because they have chucked a cheese, McDonald's, Burger King, buffalo wild wings, and Taco Bell. Back then they didn't have this kind of place but only McDonald's. Mexico now is so different because there's spray paint on the walls everywhere, and it's just not the same as back as. They listen to American music and kinda talk English. I'm not saying that they can't learn that I'm just saying its just weird because I just came from America I just want to be in a place where people are talking in there language. I think you should visit Mexico, you will love it. There's just too much to do over there. You can also go to the park over there, and also you can go to the circus, you will totally love it and enjoy Mexico. 