Do you think a problem could change your life? Some people do think that a problem makes you go in the right way. But some people it's all made up to make you try. Therefore, Disagree with Duke Ellington because a problem could cause depression, lack of sleep, feeling bad. The meaning of problems is a chance for you to do you best is that problems help you do better. Have you ever been through depression? Problems are bad because kids or even teens cannot control them. Next you need to stay away from conflict because conflict is problem and problem can be bad. After that depression is when you cannot yourself, and you do wearied things like forget to eat or go to school. Another thing is depression happens when you are hurt and want to quit life. Also, if you in depression talk to a trusted adult and he or she will help you. Problems can also leave you to have some or no sleep. First that happens because your thinking about the problem and how can I get raid of it. Also, you can raid of it doing something that you love to do like listen to something watch TV or even read a book. After that if it's a bad problem you will need to talk with a trusted adult. Another thing is that whatever it happens gust be calm and try to sleep and forget about it. In addition to that don't use your phone when you're in that type of problem and don't use phone before bed because you will be dreaming about it all night. At last have faith in yourself and don't give up in life because you can get raid of the problem and live a happy life, but don't forget to do something you like when you're in a problem. Don't feel bad when you're in a problem because you can do it. First thing don't let others make fun of you being in a problem and gust try your best, and you got it. Also feeling bad and looking at others could cause a bigger problem gust do your own thing. After that feeling bad abut something is not good gust be positive and worry about your self and don't let any boss you or making fun of you. Next problems could be bad, but you need to talk to someone that your going through that and why are going through that. Then you can not feel bad, and you will know what to d when you have a problem and hoe to love it too. At last avoid any danger problem as much as you can. In, conciliation I have come up with that what Duke Ellington is agreeable because some are long term problem and some short term, but there bad for your health and mental health and for you safety. Also, you need to stay away from and type of dangers because dangers is like problem so stay away. After that tell a trusted adult when you're going through something bad like conflict, dangers, and more. At last don't be affected to something to perfect your self.