John Lubbock is a British naturalist and politician that wrote a quote saying "Your character will be what you yourself choose to make". When saying this you have some opinions about it because your past can also make up your character and who you might become later on in the future. Why should we let your character take control of us, we have most of the control by the actions we take in our life. For example your parents were very abusive, and somehow you're going to be that way to no going to make you stronger and built your character up more than it was before. We have a choice to make up our character like some people will say "oh she's mean'', or "why won't she share'' and it's not her character maybe it's her personality. You yourself built up your character and no one has to like it is but only you because at the end of the day all you have is yourself nobody else which is better than having someone judge you. No one can judge a book by its cover until they get to know who you really are and where you came from, your character can build you up and leave a legacy behind and you won't even know it because people will be proud of how you built your character up and ask "how is she so strong ?", "how did she grow up to be independent?". Once you tell them how strong you are and how you're doing and the steps you took they'll be proud of you, because only you have control of how you can find your character traits. No one can really know for sure what makes up their character just by saying "oh yea I've done it before" Lets say someone in your family died because of their sickness, and you spend all those days being depressed and in denial that they are gone but guess what ? You are going to build yourself up and make them proud of whop they raised and who stood by their side and every day you're going to try and make every second count just to make them see how great your handling everything even if sometimes you might get sad here and there but, your still pushing through which is making your character stronger than you're seeing it yourself. There are so many times in everyone life were they doubt themselves and want to give up because they think they aren't capable of doing something but when you've realized from what you've accomplished the world doesn't seem so scary anymore, your brain will trick and say to you that you can't do it that's impossible and all these negative saying but, why should you focus on that so much that's not getting you through life It's just bringing you down, and you know that your character isn't meant for that It's to push you and get you through all these brick walls that life throws at you only you can knock them down. So don't stop yourself from making a choice you know is right go with your gut and let your heart show you the ways don't let nothing in life stop you from what people think is impossible make it possible stand yourself out, make your character stand out because you are different no matter what. Your life isn't a pick and choose It's what you think is best and fits for you, so the saying goes "Your character will be what you yourself choose to make", it's your life have fun with it and make everything you do in life built up your character. 