"Some people may say that growth does not depend on doing something beyond what they have, for it is not unnecessary.'' However, that is a fallacy idea because we all know that is not true. Wise people believe that doing something beyond what they have will make them grow as a person, both physical and mentally. Unless people try to do something beyond what they have already mastered, they will never grow, because growth comes from doing something that someone has never done before, it comes from trying out new things, boost up our confidence and makes us progress. Doing something beyond what we have already mastered, will make us try out new things that will help us move on further. Trying new things is the only way we can know what we are capable of. For example, I remember trying out something new which was beyond the things I knew, I felt different and new. The feeling that I felt was growth. Trying is what makes us know who we are and what we are capable of. If people do not do something beyond, how do you expect them to grow, when growth is defined as making progress in what someone does in his lifetime. Growth is producing new things that has never been done before making someone realize how good it is to do some that is convinced and improve in our skills. Not doing something beyond is as good as not growing. Doing something beyond will boost up someone's confidence in doing things. The ability to try new things beyond what we have already mastered is what we call self-esteem that alluded from confidence. How would someone have confidence when they do not try new things. Thinking beyond the box, makes some people become dogmatic with affirmative thoughts, because they would always want to do something with diligent. How do can someone expect a person with fallacy ideas become dogmatic? For example, how can someone define a person who does the same thing over and over without changing? It becomes irritating and unpleasant. Growth comes from the things that we do beyond what we have already mastered. Some people might say," it is not necessary to do something's beyond what you already have because, having excess of something is not good."however, that is not right, we all know that having something in excess will always push us to doing more things. For example, Trevor Noah once said,'' nothing is enough not until you die from it," meaning nothing will never be too much. The more we try doing something beyond the more we intend to learn. We all learn from doing something that is beyond our imagination. Unless we try to do something beyond what we have, we will never grow, because growth comes from doing something someone has never done, it boosts our confidence, and makes us become dogmatic with positive thoughts. Doing things beyond, will always produce good results at the end, such as, advancement, making progression in our daily life. I firmly believe that doing something beyond what you have, will boost someone's confidence because each day I try out new things and all I get i enthusiasm of doing more.