This is about if i support students attending class online at home?I think that yes if they put their mind to it. And I think if they want to pass all their grades if they are doing school at home, and they really want to do it then yes If they do the all their sen tens well and all their parish well. Aslo I think that if they are homeschooled that they might do the work when they want to do it some of them will not care about it and some might just forget and other will say they will do it latter.Sometimes the mom/dad does not help the student but most of the time the student want to do home school and want to pass then yes it depends on the student. When any student dose school at home they will often not do the work they also don't learn all the things the school teaches they learn what the mom/dad knows. I will say i support it but i also don't support because like I said most kids don't do the work, but also some do the work. Most kids when they are homeschooled the mom/dad send them to school because they don't know what eras to teach them some just do it just to get school over with and when the mom/dad send them to school they sometimes like but they also end up dropping out of school. Most student do benefit from attending class at home but if they put their mind to it and do the work some time they learn like that because theirs no one that bothers them they do the work at their own speed on what they know. Most student come to school when they are home school they don't know most of the things that they're learning that is because they didn't learn much when they were attending the class at home online because they were often on their phone most of the time not caring about the work, or because they sleep late. Some students do know more when they are homeschooled sometimes more than what they a student that gone to public school. But most students that are home school they sometimes want to go to public school they want to go beaus they want to learn more thing make friend they rather go to public school to learn more beaches they been doing home school for most of the school year. Some time its beaches of their mom/dad scared that something might happen to their kid they don't trust their kid going to public school beaches they might do some bad thing.I'm sure that students benefit from home school some take college class at home some start their corners but taking online class at home or some just do the things/follow the step their part. Sometime when they are homeschooled they have to go to school beaches they have family problems or beaches they just don't like being home schooled no more beaches they want to do more things they want tot learn more beaches they feel like they are not leading the thing that they are learning at home. The things they learn sometimes ain't right if they are learning it from their mom/dad if they are not doing the class online. But I think if they are doing the online class doing what they have to do to know what they want to be in life get through all the online class.