If you do something new you can grow some people are agree and some people disagree with unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered. You will never grow, however if you try to do something new you can grow up because you can do great things in your life. If you try to do something new, you can grow up because. You can have more opportunities, you can be a professional person, and you can get a good job. First, if you try to do something new, you can have more opportunities. For example, if you are a student, and you put all of your effort to graduate from school and also from college then you can prepare to be a good doctor, teacher, police or lawyer. For example, If you want to get a good job you need to prepare, and study to get more opportunities. If you try to do something new you can grow up. In addition, if you try to do something new, you can be a professional person. For example Generic_Name is a student she wants to be a lawyer but, she doesn't want to go the school because she thinks that make new things is boring but, if she doesn't do fomenting new she never grows up because she needs to prepare and study to be a professional person. For example, if she goes to school, and then she graduate from college she can prepare to be a lawyer. If you try to do something new you can be professional. Finally, if you try to do something new, you can get a good job. For example, Generic_Name work in RESTAURANT_NAME but, he is a student he all postgraduate from college, he wants to be a police but, he thinks that he can't not pass the last test to graduate, and he doesn't want to do it. For example, if he doesn't try to do the test he can't graduate but, if he tries to do the best he can pass the test he can be a police officer. If you try to do something new you can get a good job. In conclusion, some people are agreed some people disagree with, unless you try to do something backchat you have already mastered, to will never grow. If you try something new you can grow up.