I should be picked for this internship because I am a hardworking person, I am a risk-taker and I'm open-minded. I am hardworking when I am assigned to a task and in general I don't give up easy and I work until I believe I have done it to the best of my ability. For example one day I was assigned a project with a group of other students, my group was full of slackers and I had to do it all on my own. I put in all my time and effort and dedication into it, my project ended up getting the highest grade than most of the other groups. Ive been told I am a risk-taker, I do things others would consider to be rational or crazy. On a different project I worked on chose to do the most challenging one, no one would take it because there was a lot of writing needed to be put in and a lot of researching and information needed to be discovered. Iam not afraid of challenges I like them, I like expanding my knowledge and going above and beyond, showing others my potential. I am open-minded when it comes to others and my ability to work well with others and communicate with them will blow your mind I am not afraid to talk in a crowd or present and I take joy in working with others and helping them out. I am very open-minded when it comes to people and my education. Although there might be some ideas we don't always agree on, I accept it and respect there work ethic and give them my a hundred percent attention and try my best to understand them, and their point of view and where they are coming from. One time, there was this new kid at my school he was coming from Brazil. Know one would speak to him or make any interaction with him. So I took the liberty in talking to him and making him feel welcome into our school and letting him know he was not alone that he has a friend, that was me, after talking with him for a while I then tried to understand and put myself in his shoes he was a scared boy coming to a new country for the first time with his mom and not being able to know the language and how different the lifestyles are from here and Brazil was very difficult for him and is family so I wanted to help. I made him feel better by taking some time and teaching him English now he speaks English fluently, and he thanks me for all of done for him. This was one of the reasons why I love working with others and helping others out.although some people might say that I am a little too straight forward, others will say that they appreciate my honesty, therefore I should be chosen to have this opportunity in taking this internship because I would be a great candidate for it, and it would really mean a lot to me my goal in life is to be successful and get my family out of the projects and into a better lifestyle and this internship would be a step in the right direction. I promise you, you won't regret it.