Certain school districts allow a program in high school in which students could graduate a year early. But do you think that it is a good idea to graduate in three years instead of four years? Well yes it's a good idea, there is nothing wrong with graduating in three years. Maybe he or she just wants to get over high school and start working. Or others just want to start a year early of college. Some students want to graduate early because they want to start working and making money. They just want to start making money and start buying the things they need. There is nothing bad with going into the work force a year early, students may not like school and just decide to graduate in three years, so they can go straight into work field, Everyother student has a different mind set. High schoolers also would want to graduate early to start off with their college classes, colleges classes are hard, and some students just want to finish and complete certain classes they want. Colleges give out a lot of work and its hard, and it's not a bad idea to graduate a year early just to start off with your college classes. You get done with like three classes and college won't be as challenging and hard. Students just think ahead and take the option of only taking three years of high school, and it pays off towards the end. Other students take the three years because they don't like school and just want to get finished and complete with high school. Other students do it because some have to take care of their families or other students had a child and have to work for that child. Everyone has a different mindset, and they all think differently from one another. Taking three year of high school is helpful and good, But taking 4 years is better because you get a better education, and you can get scholarships from colleges. You can also finish you colleges classes in high school, and you get more help, taking four years in high school is helpful too. I've given you the best ideas on why It's good to take three years of high school. It can help out to finish colleges classes sooner. It helps to get into the work face earlier. Provides money and you can help your family out. We all have different mind sets and think differently, but choose what's best for you, think about your future and think what is the best for you, and I wish you the best of luck in life.  