I agree that talking to guidance is a good idea because guidance can help people on what is good or bad things to do in life. Same people can even talk to guidance about their problems and tell them what can be best can be a good solution for their problems or for what they are passing throw in life too, However not that many people like to talk to guidance about their problems people prefer to stay silence about their issues. Eventhough some may say that people should not talk to guidance because guidance does not help in anything. Guidance is the best resource person to go to because they help you to stay focus in problems you go throw in life. Let say for example if you need help in school problems with family's or someone dies that was really close to you guidance could help you with depression problems, family problems they are counselors but just few changes, guidance can help you with paper work that you don't understand and fill in the paper work. Guidance is a good idea because guidance can help people on much stuff and find solution of it one way to another. Guidance is the act of process of guiding, it also has counseling such as that provided for students about vocational and education matters, Any of various processes of guiding a vehicle by means of biotin equipment. Guidance is someone who guides to the right way, or someone to look up too. Gauidance is a good solution to problems and fest ration when a person does not have no one to talk to, and they could have trust on guidance. Where could people find guidance well guidance are in school or out of school too. Guidance help kids with school and forces more on school and talk to parents, on how to maintain a kid focus in school and home. Guidance helps kids to love and keep parents involved with them more and show them how to perfect their kids. Finally, guidance is a very good resource for who needs it people could find guidance in schools in courts, community centers or so other who ever needs help guidance is a good remorse for them.