I believe that working with a group is better than working independently. I say that because work gets done faster with more people than just one person. Also, More ideas would be brought up because other people in your group have different experiences. Another reason is People can get different parts in the work so it doesn't all depend on one person to do everything. My first reason why working with a group is better than working independently, because work gets done faster and is easier with more than one person. For example lets say I have a group project with 3 other people, I would split it into 4 different parts so one person doesn't have to do the whole project by him/herself. Another example is if you get stuck on some part while your working, your group can help you do it instead of asking other people that are not even doing the same thing as you. Also, it's easier because let's say You’re sick, and you can't get your work finished, your group mates can most likely finish it for you so your won't get stressed out. My second reason why working with a group is better than working independently is you get different ideas and experiences from different people. For example if you had an essay about living in England, there's a good chance one of your group mates knows something about it or has experienced it by living in England. Another example is everybody thinks differently, so another person might have an idea that you never thought of, or it could be the other way around. Also, when you have more than one brain working on the same work than ideas keep coming up from each other like it's a chain of some sort and your won't get stuck on anything. My final reason about why working with a group is better than working alone is your future. If you only work independently that means you aren't really cooperative with other people or have much experience talking to others, which could affect what sort of job you get in the future. For example if you get a job as a PC support you have to talk to other people and ask what's going on with You’re device, which means cooperating with some random people, and you need skills for that. Also, if you're a construction worker you need to work together to build a structure of some sort, so you would need communication skills for that therefore you really can't improve that if you work independently all the time. Some people might say working independently is better than working with a group while others might disagree because work gets done faster with more people, everybody has a different experience and knowledge about stuff and it's better for You’re future because you have to cooperate with other people, and you need skills to do that.  