Our world if full of a lot of different people from around the world. And we all have different goals and different ways to see our life. Thomas Jefferson wrote "Determine never to be idle.it is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing." as read this quotes strongly believe that we accomplished more if we are always doing something. If everyone would think the same way we all can reach beyond more. Students now days they don't have a lot of goals or motivation in life. And if we determine ourselves to keep going; we will succeed in life. Attending college or being always involve in daily activity such a yoga class, painting or being involved in after school programs. It will determine us not to be worthless.First, as we finish High school we all should attend college. And keep our education going because the more knowledge we get the mater we are. I personal feel that i accomplished more when I focused on reaching my goals. As a prepared myself to graduate this year from High School. I'm looking forward to going to college to study Early childhood. Attending college is going to be one of my biggest dream. And looking forward to become a professor. The key to success is to work hard. Sencondly, being involved in daily activities give people joy and feel motivate. Some people love helping in after programs or during school. As we get involve in this actives; we accomplish a lot by helping people that they need, and also it helps us human to be better for our community. My sister helps an after school program that helps the little kids to do their homework and some crafting project. She shares with me that working on this gives her gratitude and is helping her on the career that she is studying. Pursuing these goals brings us pleasure because we are helping others. At the end, the social we live in today, we all think and act differently but, if we all implement the quote the Thomas Jefferson wrote; we will be living a complete different planet. It is admirable how much it will be done if we are always doing something. We don't see how much this changes impact our daily life until we implement them. I feel that attending to college while working is a great choice because it can help pursue peoples dream and accomplish more in life. 