Aiming for small goals and accomplishing them are pointless. Although, it is not a bad idea to make small goals and achieve them however, aiming for a bigger achievement will help in the long run. Achievements that are harder or much bigger can teach you a lot during the process of failure. In my opinion failing at long term goals is more beneficial than achieving small goals. One reason why failing at long term goals is better than to achieve a small goal is that you keep learning when you fail it is a part of life that you need in order to have success. For example, You might never succeed or progress in something you haven't failed at, failure helps you learn to do better and not make the same mistakes. Achieving small goals is not a bad idea but to fail while trying to go your hardest is better because that is your full potential, and it helps in your future. Aiming for easier goals does not help learn about failure, and you need failure to be successful and experienced. Having long term goals is the better way to go. For instance, you can have a goal that can go on for a couple of years and when you accomplish it is will feel way better than something you didn't fail or get tired on. Long term goals also help you plan ahead and really perfect your craft or perfect what you are trying to accomplish. Having a goal that you can easily achieve does not help you with learning because you don't fail, and it does not take tie and experience. For example, a goal is something you have to push to achieve, so if you don't have to fail and learn it is not a realistic goal. Accomplishing and working on something you know you can achieve is not really success. Goals are achievements that are supposed to benefit you. For example, if my goal was to learn how to swing a bat it wouldn't be better than my goal wanting to win the world series. Small achievements come with big goals you can learn how to swing a bat while you are training for the world series. Aiming bigger will help you accomplish more than just your goal. It will also teach you skills like patience and practice and that you will accomplish small goals on the road to the big goal. As you can see, I agree with what Michelangelo said about aiming low and accomplishing your goal because when you aim low you don't really have a challenge or real goal. You don't get to experience failure and having to do so much to reach the goal. Aiming higher and failing is when you put your effort, and you fail but when you learn from that failure and keep trying to achieve the goal in different ways you will achieve it as well as other small goals along the way.