Is it having a positive attitude the key to success in life? If someone asked me if a positive attitude is the key to be successful in life. I honestly would agree with them. Because in a big part of life everyone is going to have to deal with ups and downs, Some more than others but everyone has to go through something bad for something good to happened. Everyone have to fight for what they want, and on that fight is going to be bad parts and good parts but if you stay positive most of the time you are going to win the fight, accomplish what you were looking for and be successful, But if you aren't just keep trying and be positive every time. Always have positive thoughts a positive attitude and keep trying, Get up over and over intuit you accomplish your dreams, Do not give up because if something I have learned is that if you give up and think negative, you would never be successful and know what you are actually capable of, That's why a lot of people is just stock in the same place because they are scared for what is going to happen, Because they have more negative thoughts than positive ones, That's making them not be successful in life, thinking that they are better where they are and not where they can be. A example from my life is when life just decided to punch me in the face, just change my life. About two years ago when I was in freshmen year of high school, my doctor told me that I have a bad arterial is the vein that gives oxygen to the heart, So I had to have a heart surgery. This is how everything started, One day I woke up got ready to go to school, went to school like usual. At the time I was in middle school, Generic_School, I was playing soccer and I have got to tired went to the bathroom I felt like something wasn't right, I drop to the ground and felt nausea, I didn't give it any attention and just kept going with my day like normal. Almost around six months later I had another mini heart attack, But at the time i didn't know what it was. I was just laying on my bed and I just started feeling a sharp pain in the chest, But it went away in about 30 minutes. When everything got serious was later on about another six months later when I was at school at the time I was almost finishing freshmen year at Generic_School, my chest started to hurt basin class, So what I did was go to sleep in class and see if it would go away, Then when I woke up the plan wasn't there anymore. I Jen to my house and about 4 hours later the pain started again, and it was bad, so I told my mom, and we went to the emergency room in the hospital. At the time I had an infection in my brought, so the doctor said that it was doe to the infection, then they told me to go to a heart specialist. The appointment was on a Monday my mom had decided that we weren't going to go, so she calls the place to cancel the appointment, and they told her that it was important for me to go because it was something serious. They told us that what I had was mini heart attacks, he told us that I was going to have to get a heart surgery because there was more possibilities for me to die of a heart attack then to die during the surgery, so i didn't have any other choice more than take the chance and have the surgery done. The whole time I was positive, I wasn't scared at all I didn't have bad thoughts. So the day that I was going to have my surgery finally came. The doctors read to me all the chances that I had to die if something went wrong because they had to stop my heart and connect the veins t a machine, so they could work on my heart, I was just calm and thinking positive all the time with a smile on my face and having a positive attitude. I had my surgery and everything went perfect in a week I was out of the hospital, In about three months i couldn't wait any longer so I got a job start working making money and going to school, always positive. And now I am main almost$1,100 per week and I'm just 18 years old still bought my second car crash it fixes it and sold it then I bought me a 2017 Subaru WRX STI and my life is just going better and better some down and ups but getting up no matter whey, always trying and giving bad moments a smile and always positive because things always are going to hap end, but that's how life is. I don't know where I would be right now if I had a bad attitude all the time, and negative thoughts, thanks god I'm still here alive. Hope you guys like it and remember always positive attitude.  