One year ago. I thought that business was the career that I wanted to study, but it was really hard to me. I could not do anything good in that class. Furthermore, I was fail that class, and I was really stressful I did not know what to do. Furthermore, I realized that business it was not for me, but I though that was too late to change my decision. Furthermore, I talk with my counselor, and she said that I could change the career. So, Decided to choose another career, and now I know what career it is the right one for me. I do not know if I'm going to change it again, because I can be an undecided person. As well, I realized that happens every time that it was normal. I talk with my classmate, and they say that same thing happen to them. Although some say that is a good idea for students to commit to a career at a young age because students can select courses in their high schools to help them improve in their right career, actually it is a bad idea for students to commit to a career at a young age because students might select a wrong career that is not right for them and students can be undecided in what they want to study. Some say that is a good idea for students to commit to a career at a young age because students can select courses in their high schools to help them improve in their right career. The only problem is that they do not know that is a problem for students. Every day, I heard students, classmate or even my friends that said '' This class is really hard for me, but I can not change it because this class help me improve my career". That words make me think that they are unhappy and stressful. The best way to help students is that they can change a new career. Maybe that career that they are starting are not for them or students can be undecided in what they want to study, and they just pick one.There are a lot of reasons why is a bad idea that students commit to a career at a young age, but I just have two of them. In addition, it is a bad idea for students to commit to a career at a young age because students might select a wrong career that is not right for them. The dream of all kids it is to be like their parents. They want to study the career that their parents studied, even go to the same university they parents go. Sometimes is different their parents put pressures on them to study a career that they don't want. So, students chose the career that their parents studied, or they parent wants them to study. Then they realized that the career they pick is not right for them. This is a problem because now students are unhappy and stressful. Sometimes they want to quit school because they think school is hard for them. When is just because they pick the wrong career. If someone does a statistic about how students feel about their career that they chose. I think the probability of that students said that they think the career they pick is not for them will be above of one hundred percent. Also, it is a bad idea for students to commit to a career at a young age because students can be undecided in what they want to study. There are a lot of career that students can pick, it is difficult just pick one. Students can find skills that help them in another career. Even though their skills are good in the career they pick before. They decide to pick another career. Sometimes the decision that students takes are not the right one, but they continue experiment new careers. That is basically life is about, decision. When students takes a wrong decision in their careers. They are learning. Maybe students decides to learn two careers or more than two they take different course or classes to achieve their goals. I think students can be undecided in what they want to study and that is the best thing that help them in their career, is good that students can experiment different courses. In conclusion, it is a bad idea for students to commit to a career at a young age because students might select a wrong career that is not right for them and students can be undecided in what they want to study. Sometimes students can be very impulsive and can choose whatever career they want, but they not realize what career is the right one. Also, students sometimes could not decide what career they want to study. The best way to help students is to let them know what they want to learn. I think students will be more decide in whatever they want to study.  