Technology is taking the must attention than the communication with other people. Technology allows completing many tasks without having contact with other people. Alioth, people say that technology is the future of our lives. Nevertheless, I think people have the reason and this bring negatives effects on people's lives, the technology is taking our communication with other person but its true we are going forward so each day the technology its growing in to our daily lives. In this present people can check out any book they want to read, shop, and play video games without speaking with others to another person. In the past the people could come in the library search for a book that the person wanted to read or ask one of the employs from the library for help to find a book and then that person will take a seat and spend the time he wants to spend in the library reading that book, that person communicated with someone but now in this present people don't talk to anyone because of the technology. In this present you don't have to move to anywhere to read a book you can do it from your house seating in your sofa just with one CLIC with the computer. The technology help us I'm many ways but depends on and how you are using. I used to go to the library and read many books but like I said before now I just read a book in my room from my tablet and I did not need to speak with any person. Go to the shopping store and buy thing for the bathroom, living room, garden, and the garage was fun in the past because you were talk with people at the store during you were search for some items. Technoly change the way how to shop because you can use your computer to shop in online even if you don't have a computer you can do it from your phone the technology change our lives in many ways. Technology is taking our laughs, smile,and the opportunity to meet some friend. I used to buy some food at Chipotle restaurant and I laugh when I see my working at Chipotle and that is how it should have to be, not how I do now, I just use my phone to order food from the app Uber Eats, and they bring my food to my door and that it. Have fun with friends in the school, strets, and the parks it changed thanks to the technology. This reason why technology it changed our way how to live makes me feel sad, children in the past used to have fun with anything because technology not was too big. But that changed when parents started to buy a cell phone for this kid that was the most error they could do because kids doesn't have the must intelligent brain to recognize how long they spend their time in the cell phones, technology took the childhood of our kid. When I was a kid like 10-year-old I used to play with my friends after school in the floor with littler cars and we immanent that we are like pilot of waters cars it was so fun. I think our kind have to enjoy their live having fun, not spend the time with the cell phones playing games. To conclude I think it has limitation of human contact due to the use of technology had negative effects on people's lives. This negative effect could destroy our lives for just use the technology every single minute. The communication with others its over because the technology is taking the must time of our lives. True technology is the future of the world but keep it in main how you can use the technology and the technology don't use you.  