High school is a big step in the growth of students. The step from middle school to high school is a very difficult one. As kids start to grow older there minds also change and sometimes the dreams they had of becoming someone or something is different in high school. Many young students in high school don't really know what they want to be when they get older. And sometimes high school forces kids to try to find the job or jobs they want to do when they get older. I feel like as a high school student my self, and as an 11th grader I still don't know what I want to be when I am older. I feel like for young adults like me school isn't the only thing they have in mind. For example, I have a lot of out of school activities that take away from always just focusing on school. Also, for highshcool kids relationships can be a hard. They take up all your time, and they also make you angry and stressed. And that can also take away from learning and your future as I know very well myself. As young adults, Students that don't really have the ropes done in our day-to-day life in high school I don't think committing to a career in high school is a good idea. I think schools should be teaching kids about different jobs and fields they might want to get into. But I don't think forcing kids to make there choices in high school is something teachers should be focusing on. Instead, they should be focusing on how different students learn in others ways. There are always kids that can learn and active everything by just sitting in a classroom and listening to a teacher talk. And there are the kids that can't just learn in a classroom. The kids that have hard time at school because they have disabilities. Teaching students in high school to be successful is what high school need to do. I feel like schools mainly focus on getting kids to collage and what not. But some students don't want to go to collage or even get a job during or even after school. I feel like school should help students become successful in school but not drive them towards anything. Meaning students should feel free to do what ever they want after high school. And it all starts with teachers asking kids what they want to do when they grow up. And a lot of students don't even know what they are going to do in the next 2 months to come. Sometimes collage is not what everyone wants. For me, I want to take a gap year right out of high school. And go play soccer somewhere. In my high school days so far, High school was always been hard and it's a big step from middle school. The teachers are not really on you as much as they were in middle school. So it makes u feel like u have more time for yourself. And it's good in some ways because it teachers u how to be independent. But also as teachers give u more lead way students become more likely to do worse. They think its just easy to skip classes and not get in trouble. So for me everything that I have explained makes choosing a career during high school really hard. All in all students should feel like they have the freedom to do what they want when they are at the later years of high school without the burden of everyone around him or her telling them they have to go to collage or that they have to choose a career when they are in high school. I think Making students choose a career when they are in high school is not something schools should be focused on. They should be focusing on having kids grow and not having them choose there careers at a young age. 