Do you ever help somebody out and good things come out of it? Or helped out a young person, and they see you as a role model? Well guess what! There this program called "Older students assist younger students". What I think on this program that pairs older students with younger students is important because the students that are older already learned about what the younger students are learning about, so they give out ways on how they learned it and show it to the younger students. Another reason why this program that older students assist younger students is good and important because an older student can also get more information from what a younger student already knows and not an older student. This program is not only good and important, but it also helps out any age, in other words this program can help anybody out when help is needed. You can help out anybody, and they will see you as there role model for showing them the good things you should do and what comes out of it from the good design you did. Having a negative mind won't get you nowhere in live so that is why older students help around younger students because the younger students are young and still don't know what they plan on being in the future. Not everybody has a role model because they have their own plans in the future or because they just don't want to do what everybody does as a living but when they get some help from an older person who already knows what they are doing the younger students start to wake up notice that you got to do what you got to do in order for you to get where you want to be. The only thing is that only some schools have this program, and it sucks because there is some people who want help or need to assist from someone who has already been what there going through so if you have this program use it Wesley and don't take it for granted. Everybody in the world can get the help they need so they can be someone in life so that is why they have that program were older students help out younger students so the younger students won't make error mistakes in there future life. What would you do if you had this program, and how would you use it in the future of yours? I 100% this program is a good idea.  