The positive attitude is the key to success in life?. Experiments support the idea that a positive attitude help in life, because the people thing positive. Most part of the oblation is happy because they success in life and catch up all the goals. A high percentage of oblation get stuck in their preoccupations, and they can't see the light of the sun; they think that life hate them. The oblation should take a positive attitude because is the key to success in life, and the people feel free of stress and preoccupation. The scientist studies show us that a positive attitude help in life. A bunch part universities pass a lot of time doing research for understanding the human mind and their attitudes. If you watch the news, newspaper or internet they share with you all the discovery, of course that the information is shared with the authorization of the universities. The people think when universities discover something huge or important of the human body is a big step for a man, because a human body in a secret box. The oblation is happy because they success in life. The major part of oblation think that when you have a positive mind the stress is lower and the output is higher. The brain probably is not a huge muscle but, if you use to a positive form all your body respond because all your body is connected with your brain. For this reason people give you this tip for a good style of live and a good success to. On other hand a high percent get stuck in life. These part of oblation is the minimum part that say that life is hard and not every thing is easy because you need put afford. Even if you have a positive attitude they say that life sucks and is hard get the thing that you need or dream. But for this people is; harder you tried to get a positive attitude it's impossible, sometimes you fall through in life, and then you give up and don't tries more. Here is an example of positive attitude: When you have a test, and you are so nervous, but you think on you mind that you can do it because you're totally sure that you remember the classes and the topics that you teacher teach in class. With a positive attitude you can do a lot of things for most difficult that it's look. For this reason the human brain is totally amazing because you discover a lot of capacity for doing things that you think that you can't do it. In short, if you want success in life think positive for most difficult that show up you can do it. The human body have a big capacity for doing change to their self, and if you think negative is time that you change your mind and start thinking positive. Also, if you think more positive than negative you health get better you must have a healthy mind and body, also when you talk with other person you can transmit your positive environment, or they can feel easily, so be positive.  