they're looking to hire someone who is responsible and hardworking and often a person who has experience. I think they should hire me because I am responsible and hardworking even though I may not have any experience in the type of work.First. I'll work hard to get the job, and I'll do my best to understand the work that you all do. It may take some time, but it will be worth it. I am not a lazy worker, I am a fast leaner. I have done some other type of job, and I've done good because I don't just ask them to hire me, I ask them to hire me because I really want the job and work with them. However, sometimes people just don't like to hire people that doesn't have any experience with the job, and they don't hire them or just ask them to leave, or they just tell them that they are not worth it to waste their time. Nowadays, people work where they can get accepted because other jobs would not accept them, and they do the to get at least the money to pay their rent and some other stuff. They don't think about what they are going to do if they keep working for hours and getting paid less, but if people would like to work for fewer hours and getting paid more, they would try to find a job where they can do their job for fewer hours and for more money. What I am trying to say is that I would like to be hire to this job, because I would work harder to be manager. I qualify to this job even though I don't have any experience. Trying to work hard for a job is something that life teach you and could be worth it for me, and for my future. I could have a better life if I work harder, I would be prepared for any type of thing to do in this job. I may be ready for any type of things to do in this job. Although, in May took some time to be able to work well, doing other type of job is kind of hard because people are used to work in different type of job, and it is kind of hard because we cannot get used to work in this type of job in just one day, and it is hard, but people could try, even me I would try to get used to this job and I will work hard enough to be manager. Even though, people may think that it is easy to do a job and get used to it fast, but it is not true it is hard to get used to it to other job when you were doing other job. Some people are so cold heart and would not care about your feeling and would just try to make you quit the job, and it is not right. If that happens to me, I would not let it slide, because I would like to do my job in peace and with no interruption. It right for people to seek a better job position, even though if you are starting to do it, but it is normal for people to seek a better position: just like me a seek for better position in the job. However, people would not let you in peace, they would try to make you quit, but if you don't let them be like that to you, they would get tired of doing that to you, and they would see how much you are getting better and with a better position. I would love to see people that hate me to see me grow in the job that I would do if they hire me, I am not going to be a lazy guy in the job I would work harder to get to manager and later on I would do more and so much more to be an owner of my own business. Who wouldn't want to be an owner of their own business, everyone does want to be and want to have it, just like me everyone has had a dream of owning a business but after all that start you have to work harder to get it. That what I would do in this job. Eventually, I would understand the stuff of the job and I would do them and be much better than the others. Finally, doing a job that you have no experience, but you are a good candidate, that means you are capable of doing so much more and be a better worker or even be your own boss. You only have to work hard enough to get it and to achieve your goal, it doesn't matter if it takes one or three years, you have to keep going until you achieved your goal and try to work hard to achieved that goal. I would do all that to achieved my goal, it doesn't matter if it takes me two or three years; I would do my best to do it. I would take the risk and do it better than anyone else in this job, or other type of job, Learning different things can make you know more and more qualify to do other type of work. Knowing more stuff about other type of jobs, it makes you more qualify to do more and to be able to work in more stuff or even to one your own business. Work hard and try to take a risk.