My position is this argument is that behind every success there is a failure. It's important to understand that failure is not something bad its just something in the way of your success. These are my opinion on what i think about. These paragraphs that you are about to look at have a mixer of things from hard working to failure just a little background of what you are about to read. Starting a company can be really hard because there are a lot of failure that you'll have to go through to get to success. Because you won't be a big company from the start you have to built up to have a big company. For example the company apple it started in a garage and now its one of the biggest company to be known. Failure is just something that's in the way of you becoming successful. Because what it takes is hard work that you need to put into your company or whatever you are trying to be successful at. If not someone else that's trying to get the something as you will get it before you. Because you did not work hard enoughBecoming successful in something is a hard thing. Because of other people can be trying to do the same thing you are trying to do and sometimes not everyone is successful because of someone else that worked hard then them of the successes. Being the best at what you do is difficult because people are going to bring you down those are failure because they hate on your successes and what you have accomplished. Working hard on something that you on you'll be successful in because if not other people that are on the same race as you trying to be successful are working more harder than you are going to be more successful because of the hard work they put in. If you are starting a company try to be the best at what you are doing because that's the only way you'll be successful because you are the best at what you are doing and no one else can't beat you to the top. My position is this argument is that behind every success there is a failure. It's important to understand that failure is not something bad its just something in the way of your success. Those are my opinion on the argument 