I believe technology is good thing because you can do your online shopping from home with get out of your home, read books off the web, play games with other people making new friends just by staying home. Many people can't drive to meet up with people. So they just stay home and call them on their phone or call family from the other side of the world to say hi by using technology. Find friends to chat with. Play games with online. Some people use technology to learn new things or maybe see what other people are doing on Facebook, and snap chat. Technology is a good thing to use when you need help trying to learn new things. Kids at school can use technology for school. Technology can be use for homework school clubs. School can make it a safe thing to use. Many teens will lair how to use technology. Other people will tell you that technology is bad for you because you're not making new friends faces to faces, or going out to place to have fun. The people who say technology is a good thing have a good point because some people are better off staying home or even doing work from home where they won't have to talk to other people. Old people can use technology to rd books back anything they want to read. There are many books online to read about war, cars, sport and many more. Old people can learn how to use technology so when they want to call family or friends on the web they can. Many people use technology to Oder food off-line and get it dropped off at home. Technology can Chang every one life. Many people can benefit off the web and help them with taxes and how to do it or let someone do it for you online. Many people don't know how to talk to people so hey are sacred to leave the house, so they use technology to talk to other people and find things hey both like. They can order things offline and get it the next day. If like technology can Chang everyone life and make it better. There are many games' player online like to play, or can download off-line. Many people make money by use technology or playing games. Teens will enjoy playing games for days and win and may be got paid for it. What I'm trying to say is technology can be use in many ways that helps you to use it or work with. So many people ill be use technology in there life and make it easier to leave life better. You can many new friends and play games with them online. Every life would be better if we use technology in our everyday life and help use do everything technology can do for use in life. Old people life would be better. Teens will finish the homework fast by the help of technology. So ya I think technology is a good thing to use in your everyday life any many be they will make it better and better in the years. Technology would make work life so much faster and easier. So people should use technology will we still have it in our life. Many people would find it very helpful. 