Imagination is like thinking to do diet and go to gym to get slim. Knowledge is just like running on a treadmill for 2 hours in a weak to get your weight under 79. I believe that Imagination is more Important than knowledge, because when the writer writes a book, first they Imagine the topic for their book. They don't start to write the book unless they Imagine the topic. Same as, the writers Imagine what they want to write about, they don't just start to get Information about something, asking their parents what to write, how to write. They Imagine, then they start their work. However, Imagination is also similar when you think with your sister to convince your mom to get you lots of candy. You don't ask your dad, how to convince mom to get candy. For example, the person who get the idea to Invent phone, first he Imagines, what does phone look like, how many buttons should be there, and then he also gets help with his knowledge, but first he Imagines what does phone look like, how will people buy this, why should they buy my phone.Also, If we use knowledge more than Imagination, the new generation will only use the cell phones to search for their homework. They will not Imagine doing homework or other things by their self. They will just copy someone's idea, which is going to demolish their brains. There will be no more good inventions, The people's brain will stop working. Also, people will not do their work because they know they can just copy someone's idea. For example, If I don't Imagine that when I will be 16, how I am going to get a job. What If I just go to YouTube and search for it, but I will not find anything and I will waste my Important time. In case if I imagine what kind of job I want to do or where I want to do, I am pretty sure that It will not waste my time. In fact It will give me some ideas for future. In my opinion we should imagine more than using knowledge. Imagination keeps your brain work, and It also keeps you active. If we don't use imagination then how our new Inventors will Introduce their creative inventions. If the stylists doe snot use their imagination then how we are going to wear beautiful clothes. If they use just knowledge and don't use their imagination, I guess they will not get that much success in their business. Designers use their minds to help with their clothes design. They imagine the ideas for clothes, so the people will buy more and more clothes from them. The people who use Imagination more than knowledge live longer. From now, I will also use imagination as much than I can. So I will give an opinion to all of you who are reading this use your imagination than knowledge and get success in your work. I don't say that using knowledge is a waste of time, use your knowledge also but not all the time, also use your mind to imagine good, Interesting things. In conclusion Imagination is more Important than knowledge. So, I will agree with scientist Albert Einstein. I will also force you to think about this. Writers, designers, Inventors all uses their Imagination more than knowledge. Now I will also try to focus on my Imagination more than focusing to copy other's information.  