Should school cafeteria change to a new, healthier lunch menu, for students? In this essay, I will argue why school should not change to a new healthier lunch. School should keep the same lunch menu because students will lose their favorite foods, students will start to pack their own lunch, and foods will be wasted. Reasons why school should keep the same lunch menu instead of changing to a new, healthier school lunch menu, because all students have their own favorite foods, such as Chicken Sandwich, Pasta Chicken, and Tortilla. Furthermore, Tuesday is my favorite lunch day because it's Tortilla's day. Tortilla, also a healthy food because it has a corn, meats, tomatoes and other vegetables depend on what we like. For me, when I get to eat my favorite foods I feel blessed especially when I'm hungry. These days, there are many restaurants out there like McDonald, Chick-fil-A, and many more. Hence, instead of paying for school lunch that you don't like people can just bring their own lunch from home or from outside. It's better for people to buy foods from outside rather than buy foods at school and wasted. Sometime home foods are cleaner than school foods. Students might consider bringing their own lunch. The good thing about it is we can choose what we want to eat. Every type of foods are expensive, we the students doesn't want to waste it. Thinking back to the poor people outside there craving for foods, I felt bad for them. In contrast, it's hard for us to eat the foods we don't like even if we are hungry. If the students doesn't like the foods, they might throw away, or not purchasing it. The school foods will be wasted, and at the end they will throw it away too. Providing students favorite foods are important, students will eat and school will not suffer from wasted. School cafeteria should keep the same lunch menu. Some says, healthy school lunch are good for students health, but they are wrong. If school principal continues to change school cafeteria plans, students will not be happy and might start changing school for a better lunch.  