It has been said that the importance of positive attitude is a key to success in life. I believe that have positive attitude is better than having a negative attitude.It's better to forward then moving backwards to put positive thought head and keep moving ahead. I agree that having a positive attitude is the key to success, it helps in many ways when talk to someone or when talk to costumer. Having a positive attitude help when working in a work place For example, when a costumer is giving a hard time instead reflecting back it better to respond with a positive attitude then a bad one. Then matter will turn out better. When reflecting back with a negative attitude the outcome isn't great it worst it better to smile then be mad.It's important to have positive attitude because there better outcomes having a better attitude is a big key to success it helps when dealing a bad situation. Having a positive attitude change the way you see thing there much better outcome like seeing a smile on someone face because the attitude you gave them was positive and not negative. The action we do reflect on what is said or done, just like attitude reflect back. When giving the right attitude everything is better and there no bad responds or action done. The importance of attitude is the emotion some gives when thing change for example, when a job gives a raise to someone the person attitude change because there happy. Small things changes a person attitude and a way of thinking. When thinking about the way your attitude can change in just a split second by the action taking place is pretty amazing how not only when someone is happy the attitude they show is better than it was before. In conclusion having a positive attitude is very important when to talk to someone. It is big part of life, and it will help you with success when facing a problem in the long run. The importance of attitude is the way to think or feel and what makes you happy. There is so much success when you have the right attitude. Don't let the wrong attitude reflect back do better. Being negative won't help, i agree with having the right attire is the key to success.