Hello me name is Generic_Name and my prompt is about ''Failure'' and ''Success.'' What I think about this? The failure is a feeling so bad, when you have a bad day or something was wrong, your feel the person most useless. Yes, I agree with Churchill statement, because he has all the reason. Each person failure has a recompense and all the good what you do make and God give to you multiply. We all have success why?, because everybody work so hard, and they wish make all your dreams. In the personal, I think all start since down, when you everyday work hard your successful is each day more big and blessed, I have three reasons why I agree with this prompt. My first reason:Never say ''I can't'' because when you have a purpose you have to make, maybe many persons tell you ''forget it, you never can't this possible'' but you have to know when something is realized with the heart all is possible in this life never forget it. My second reason:Always you listen when somebody tells you something, because his advice can help you in the future, and you can use the same advice for help other persons too. You need to be better every day for make a present and future so much better and be able to get what you wish. My third reason:If you not believe in who are you, you are in a big problem, the unique person can say what you can do, or you can't are you nobody else. In your life you have friends, teachers and you family is the most important in the world the people believe in you. Follow you dreams, follow you future, and always smile and when something was wrong, not feel bad, of course when you have an error you can learn and be the best person each day. What is my point of view on this? The life is so hard and beautiful, you can be wherever you want, follow you way and never stop, make the difference and never stop of dream. Be a nice person and do not even threat bad other people. Therefore, you never hands down when you see the past and now the present you can see what long you are, stay strong, be intelligent not lying and always say the truth. When passed the time you can see all effort you dedicated, all is possible. Detail Support:My detail support is about the immigrant, this is a good example for this prompt, they came to United States for a better life, is very difficult and danger, because sometimes many persons died or have problems in the way, how much time is? Honestly i don't know sometimes is one week, two weeks or more than of one month. When they finally here in United States is a new beginning is a new life, of course is so complicated and so sad, because is a new country and new culture y the most important the language is different. The principal thing is learned talk, and writing in English. After this if you have your permission of work, you can star working in a restaurant o something you can learn fast and easy or if you are minor of age you need to go to middle school or high school dependent what age do you have for after you can graduate. And attain the best work. This is so hard but not impossible, maybe you have many days bad, and you cry so much, but each sacrificed has its pay back. Thank you for your patient and dedication for read this.