Technology allows people to complete many tasks without having contact with others. People can check out books, shop, and have fun without speaking to another person. Has technology a positive or negative effects on people? Technology has a positive effect on people because people are using technology to help our health, some people are using technology to help others, and some students are getting help from technology. Certainly, some people think that technology has a negative effect on people because some people are using technology to destroy our planet. Others believe that some people are using technology to affect others. Still others argue that teens are getting distracted by technology. Furthermore, technology has a positive effect on people because people are using technology to help in our health. Scientists are discovering new technology that can develop the human body. Technology helps people that need a body part, technology could help a person that lost a hand or foot. Technology can help workers to be safe, when a worker needs to climb a wall, technology may help. Technology is getting solutions to some diseases. Some countries are developing cures by technology, people are trying to get a cure for cancer. Technology will get cures for diseases, technology will get a cure for AIDS. Developing new technology can help our community. However, technology has a positive effect on people because some people are using technology to help others. Scientists are helping community to understand our environment. Scientists have been discovering, discovering how our universe was formed. Scientists will discover new technology, new technology that will help us to know what may happen in the future. People are discovering new technology that can help our planet. People can discover new ways to save our planet, people can elaborate new ways to recycling. New technology that help our environment, people could develop new ways to get energy. People can have a better live by using technology. Finally, technology has a positive effect on people because some students are getting help from technology. Students can help themselves at school by using technology. Students can get help on homework by using technology, students can see how to complete a homework on Google. Students can learn more, students can see more about a topic by using technology. Students have been using technology to discover more about their dreams. Students can get help with jobs, a student can learn more about a future job. Students can know more details about their jobs. Technology is a great tool to investigate. Technology has a positive effect on people because people are using technology to help in our health, some people are using technology to help others, and some students are getting help from technology. If people use technology, then their lives would be easier. People need to use technology to have a better live, and be carefully with it.  