The idea that businesses have made is very important. Finding means to conserve energy and resources are important in our daily life. Most people use energy and resources in their day-to-day activities which put more pressure on the use of energy and resources. This four-day work week will conserve the workload on energy and resources. I agree to the fact that my school should follow the four-day school week with each day consisting of ten hours. When the school time is extended, it will make students have more time to do any unfinished assignments in a particular class. Students can do more work and cover many topics in a day. This will make teachers do a lot of work in a day. For instance, any project that you did not finish can be done the next day in class, students will have enough time to ask questions about what they are being taught, they will have sufficient time to go to teachers and practice more if they have other questions related to what they were taught. This will make classes fun and more entertaining. Students will have adequate time to study and understand the concept of what they are being taught in class. If this adaptation is considered in my school, it will cut down the usage of energy and resources. The school uses more energy and resources due to the population of the students. Some examples of such equipment that uses higher energy are as follows : Air Condition, Laptops, Printers and many others. These machines use high barometric pressure. Throughout this four-day school week, we can conserve the energy we waste in the school. Others may say students might get bored due to the increase in hours because they are used to the normal daily routine but hasn't considered the benefits of it. When this is taken into consideration, more energy and resources can be kept from wastage. In summary, the four-day routine and extending of time will be beneficial to conserving energy and resources in the school. This will make students work hard in class, reduce the work load on energy and resources, seek more help from teachers if they are finding difficulties in a particular class.  