"Example is not the main thing in influencing others; it is the only thing," said by the philosopher, physician, and humanitarian Albert Schweitzer. Giving a good example by your own experience might influence other people; it depends on the situation. In my opinion, giving a good example is not the only thing to influence people as said in the quote, but there are things other than setting a good examples that influence people. For example, if someone had experience in playing basketball, and another guy was a beginner, it will be helpful if the experienced one helps him and shows him how to play by training him, but if the experienced one tells the beginner person an example of how to shoot the ball but not by showing him, it wouldn't be helpful to him and won't influence him. One of the reasons I think that example might not be helpful is because when time moves on, the way that things work changes. Some people when they set a good example to influence someone that need motivation, they set an example from their own experience that might be some years ago, That can create a problem. For example, if a computer science major who graduated 10 years ago, and another one who just started college to study computer science and have some obstacles, if the major gave examples to the other guy about what he did in college 10 years ago to influence him, it would be a problem because as time goes we humans move forward in technology, and we develop the education, so if the major gave the other guy his own experience it would be different from college now. This example won't help the guy who just started college, but it would be better if the major showed him the way to study and try to explain to him things. Sometimes people understand examples wrongly and influence others incorrectly, and it can be a big problem, It can turn motivation into failure. For example, there was a famous quote saying that failing many times without loss of enthusiasm leads to success, if someone studies medicine in college, and then he found himself failing tests and projects, but he took this quote as his influencer and he didn't lose enthusiasm, maybe after a while when he finds himself still getting the same grades, he will lose enthusiasm, and he will give up. The problem here is that he misunderstood the quote, the quote meant that he shouldn't lose enthusiasm even if he fails many times, but he thought that after failing two or three times he will do better. Some people may argue that setting a good example by your own behavior is the only and best way to influence other people, because they think that if people follow the examples of the experienced people, they will succeed and will be motivated to do more work. For example, if someone successful gave an example of how he became successful, and what obstacles did stop him, and how did he get through them, Maybe some teenagers listen to him and become influenced, and then he work hard to become like the successful guy. Or maybe someone who failed in something listen to the successful guy and learn how did he get through the things that stopped him, and then he become motivated to be successful, and he work hard to reach his goal. In conclusion, influencing others by your own experience might be helpful to some people, but also it can become a problem and not helpful to a lot of people. Furthermore, using examples from your own behavior is not the only way to influence others, that's why I disagree with the quote, because examples could be perfect, but it is not the best or the only way. There are other ways as I mentioned, that could turn people's lives from failure to success.