People sometimes ask more than one people for advice because they want to see if they say the same opinion or if they have a better opinion than the other person, For example I have a problem at home and I don't know what to do or I'm stressed about it and I ask my friend about it, and she tells me her opinion on what she will do if she's in that situation but then I don't know if to do what she said, or I didn't like her advice and I ask another person and I liked her advice, But I want to know if there's a better advice, so I ask someone else, and they tell me another advice to another person, So that's why some people ask more than one person for there advice just to get more ideas on what to do or something like that cause asking more than one person is a better idea because you'll get more advice, and you will be thinking which advice is better and which one is improper. So now you ask more than one person about something you don't know what to do or if you have trouble solving something other people can help you and give you good advice and others can give you advice but are bad choices so just ask someone for help or ask someone you trust and will help you. But do you know why it's a good idea asking for help? Well it's good to ask for help because someone can give you advice on what to and what to not do and asking too much people can give you way many ideas on what to do, This helps so much people that needs help because they are like asking people for help, and they are helping us to do better choice then a bad choice, Every one can give you advice on what's better for your problem or question, and it will help so much like Parents, Family, and Friends. Kids can ask advice to everyone even there Teacher, Counselor, And mostly there parents they're always be there if you need help and need advice, and they will give you a really better idea, But what I think is better for you guys is asked an adult then a student just to not make a bad idea and start doing things your not suppose to, So kids just talk to a grown up, and they will help you with the advice you need. We all sometimes need advice by someone so just ask, and you'll get an advice you need and everyone will help you help your self don't think that only you need advice we all have something to tell a person and give us there opinion, We are like asking them what they going to do if they need an advice and is passing the same thing we're passing. When the person you talked about gave you an advice you'll think about it and if it's a good choice you do it and everything comes to peace that's why I can help you if you ask for an advice, and it will help you in the feature too so just ask for advice, and they'll give you it. What if a friend doesn't give you advice? Then tell your parents or an adult a school or work to help you, Did you know older people need advice too? Yeah, older people need advice too they even need help on things like us not just because they are older it doesn't mean they are not like us that they need advice. In what do we need advice? We need advice in something we have done bad, or you don't know what to do, or you have problems you need some advice from someone for they can help you on it that's really important helping someone that needs advice. What happens if you don't get advice? What happen is that you will get depress or get stressed thinking on what to do, And if you get depress if you can be dangers you'll be always be upset won't want to do anything you won't even want to eat or anything that's why if you need an advice ask someone to help you, and you'll be so much better.