Do a city council is debating the adoption of a 10 P.m weekend curfew and a midnight weekend curfew for teenagers? Some people believe that the council should not be debating the adoption of a 10 P.m weekend curfew while others believe that they should debate the adoption of a 10 P.m weekend curfew. If the curfew is adopted, teenager on the street after those hours would be breaking the law. This is important because there are so many dangerous people out at night trying to kidnap some teenagers. This curfew should take teenager out of trouble like being walking on the street at midnight trying to intimidate others teenager. This curfew is going to take teenager safe, because at midnight there are so many dangerous people on the street, like gangs members those people are just trying to take teenager and make them to join to their gang and make them to do bad things. This should take teenager to be with there family, and no with bad influences at night, bad influences are just trying to make you to be in big trouble. When you are in trouble the person that make you to b e there he just run away when they see that your in a big trouble they are not going to help you, because that what bad influences do. Do a city council is debating the adoption of a 10 P.m weekend curfew and a midnight weekend curfew for teenagers. This is important because there are so many dangerous people out at night trying to kidnap some teenagers. This curfew should take teenager out of trouble like being walking on the street at midnight trying to intimidate others teenager. This curfew is going to take teenager safe, because at midnight there are so many dangerous people on the street, like gangs members those people are just trying to take teenager and make them to join to their gang and make them to do bad things. This should take teenager to be with there family, and no with bad influences at night, bad influences are just trying to make you to be in big trouble. When you are in trouble the person that make you to b e there he just run away when they see that your in a big trouble they are not going to help you, because that what bad influences do.  