John Lubbock, a famous writer and well known for his master peaces inspired by many others such as friends, family, and other famous writers. John Lubbock once said "Do we choose our own character traits, or is our character formed by influences beyond our control?" it is a very outstanding move, because 86% of the writers use their experiences, knowledge and everything they have known as a different way to interpetrait, and make a book. Most of the people decides to choose their own character traits, this is due to how their parents treated them and how their childhood was, all thought it is different when someone has had a rough childhood, and yet they decide to be a good person, this, this is being different to decide to be different from the person that has caused pain or sorrow to someone, that is moving on for the best, moving on for what is right; on the other hand we have people who do not agree with this, if there is a good side to something there also has to be a negative side is the balance of the universe and the bad side, or the people that can not move forward let the influences of many others affect their point of view of all the situations upon them. Those people are hurt, full of pain and shame to something that they can not escape from, those people need help because who verdicts that they can escape from their past for an extended period of time. The people who tend to have a bad personality is either because of their past or their present along with the males according to a researcher in Harvard University 78.48 of the population believes that being a male means that they have no right to show their emotions, to be heartless, to be cold. Women had fought for their right to vote women fought for their freedom and men are still men. The male population decides to be quiet and don't let their emotions affect their significant others. The people have fought in many wars, conflicts and yet there is not for sure that there are equal rights, All the generation Z are saying "equal rights equal fights" but yet nobody sees those equality traits women want their freedom to be exactly like men to look just like men an yet real men are unable to show emotions and feelings without being judged or lynched. So why did this British politician Lubbock said "your character will be what yourself choose to make it" because everyone has their own personality and everyone faces their own challenges along with their own problems, men can not be like women because men will get denigrated for it, and women are always free to do what they want because they will judge everyone that is against them. 