One time in high school I met a teacher who looked like a mean person and who didn't like to interact with students or explain over again the stuff that he taught, so I went to talk to my counselor about if there were any possibilities if I could change the class, but she said no. After a while of taking his class, I realized that he is a very good teacher and a very nice person because every time I asked him for help, he would always try his best to make me understand the topic and do good on my quizzes/ test. It has been said that first impressions are almost impossible to change. Some people say that you can know someone's character by just the first impression. First impression are possible to change because they might have a bad day, and you always have to know the character before in order to judge it. People all over the world are always going to have bad days, and that's normal because life consists on having good days and bad days; if you're having a bad day, of course you won't have a good attitude towards people. For example, some people can have problem at their house, work, school, etc... and obviously that's going to affect on their behavior, and they might treat you good or bad, it depends on the situation. When you first see someone, and they seem like a bad person, that doesn't mean he is a mean person; he can just be having a bad day or something bad happened. In order to judge someone you have to know the character first. In life, you can't be walking judging people just because they did something or just by their looks. For example, The majority of the population in the whole world knows the saying "Don't judge a book by its cover" this MCAS that just by looking at person from his outside, doesn't mean they are going to be like that on the inside. People might look either a mean person or a good person, there is some people that look like they are a good person and that they have a nice behavior, but at the end of the story they might do you wrong, and you are going to be the one losing by trusting the person by just thinking they had" a good personality"; However, there is also the people that looks like a "bad person" but some of those people can be nice from the inside, and you might need help from them at one point. In conclusion, first impression are possible to change because people might be just having a bad day, and also because after you get to know the character as they originally are, then you are going to start thinking differently about that person. It's important for you to know the character first before you start judging that person, because you never know if that one person that you rejected/judge at the beginning, can be the person that you need the most in the future.  