This prompt is talking about if we are choosing our own character traits or is our character formed by influences. First you can choose your own character you just got to know about the person life in what the person did back when he was a teenager in what the person became when he starts getting older. In my opinion choosing your own character would make you realize about things that happen back then when everything back then was really dangerous for example they had slaves, mudered people, treating people badly, people been raise and more that people did in we still have on this day because people don't want to listen or they just don't care about what they are doing with there life like can we at least have peaceful without seeing people dying or taking children's from their mothers. As you can see life from back then was kinda different for example mothers would marry their own children they would have children with their own child they would force you to marry an old man that you don't even want to marry or have kids with an old guy that you don't even love this why It's good to do your own character because you be searching for information that you don't even know about in it be very interested.First you have to include for information about your own character or if the character formed by influences beyond or control by anything many characters be having their own influences in you have to find it out to see about or if they are controlling anything for examples like a kingdom, slavery. And being part of a war. As you can see when been through so many wars in some characters be soldiers or a leader of a war to teach his soldiers how to fight a war when they get into a war. For example British soldiers has fight so many wars with a lot of countries they either fight for stealing food or because they own them money they do not want to pay them back or because they have a little issue going on between them in they fight to solve their issues. As you choosing your character you can be creative with it like you can put some many things that you need like examples, reasons why you choose this character, get ideas for your character, give a lot examples find anything you can, so your character can have so much information that it is need it for your character. Choosing our own character might be a little hard, but we got to find a way to get all the information for it, so we can start writing about them in how when find this character interested in we got to know a lot of things that this character you are doing has good information, and you want to be curious about. This quote or prompt helps to figure out about a character that you would like to talk about in what to know about it to see if it helps you later on, in to see what they did to help other people about everything that they went through in this help the students to see that been on a war it is not easy because you are trying everything you can to be alive like searching for your own character it is very interested because you want to see about them in learn a lot about the in how they did everything they could to help each other in to see how we fight for the equal rights a lot more things that we know now. My conclusion-how to choose your own character can be easy for you to write about in to find a lot of things and important things that you would need for your character when you are putting your examples to a five-page paragraph about how this character do a lot of things in his past and to see if he's still doing, more things now in then. In by, you choosing this character would make you realize a lot of things in how everything happen back then when people was just trying to live and survive.