Have you ever thought about growing? Most people wanted to get better after they have had worked on themselves to be successful already, but in the other hand, people did not have opportunity to go to school. Or maybe they just did not feel confident enough that they could be better. In my opinion, I think that people should try their best to be something that will benefit other people so that you gain support and just keep expanding. The first reason why I agree on Emerson's statement is because. The more you have experience in something, the more chances you have on getting better at it. I think that getting better at something is really important in life in order to live a good lifestyle. But some people are not able to make changes to their selves. They're maybe dealing with family issues or personal issues that is keeping them to take advantage of changing. Another reason why I agree on Emerson's statement is because. Most people have skills that they learned when they were young which is considered knowledge. That specific skill or knowledge might help you advance something. But at the same time a lot of people have disappointments on their selves and surroundings, which can cause the thinking of not changing to the better. The final reason of why I agree on Emerson's statement is because. Most people when they are confident and comfortable, then they would release the skills and persuade the change that is going to make them a better person, and that could change their lives forever. It is convenience and worth making the change no matter what the situation be so done not take advantages the wrong after all, there has been a lot of different opinions and ideas all around the world, but you as an individual should know what is best for you. We have talked about why and why not people should move up to the next step which is changing. Changing can harm or improve you if you do it the right way, by taking chances since young then, most of us would have a lot better strategies and know what is right from wrong by the time we grow. 