Dear: Generic_Name agree for the positive attitude is the key. Because it is good when you have a very good attitude. Also, if you got a good attitude you can have positive thins in your life you can have to many fiends. And you can't have problems. Because you, are very positive in your success life. You will, make very good decision, for your positive life. The things most important in your life is you get a job you need to have an attitude. Because if you don't have a good attitude you can improve in your life, The society if bad with you. Because you don't have good attitude and, but you have to be positive in your life to has a good attitude in your life.Also, sometime is good, but some day is no because is a hard work to have a good attitude when a person don't want to talk to you that why is very hard to be positive Because sometime people talk bad thing about, you and you don't have a good action in your life and the is not good for me, and you need to calm down to will you have a positive thing in your life you have to wait for everything nothing is easy in this life. For example, you will have to have a good attitude, well had to have positive things in your life to be a very good person, and you need to be a very good person because the society can say the have a very great attitude in your life, And you can make where ever you want if you have a very good positive attitude with your life and anything. Also, you can make your own positive attitude not one make your decisions every one help to you has a positive life to have a very good decision. When you have a great good positive attitude for your life is when you got everything right. You can't worry about anything for the only thing the can import am is to have an attitude right and the people don't talk bad about you, and the society. I think the positive life is the most important in every life. Every single life has to be positive a got a very good attitude. And every body cant have a great position to make the society better. I was thinking the attitude is very important for everybody because if you don't have a great attitude you can get a job. Because in a job need people with a positive attitude. Also, you can't improve and, any job the, can't have because you got a very great positive attitude about, you be very friendly every Peron and every person who not have a very good attitude, the person never improve because, i think nobody want a person the is not positive in his on life in every work need people with a very get positive in his own life in has a great attitude 