Technology has made a positive impact in our lives. Technology can be used for many things whether it's browsing the web, shopping, or planning for vacation. Technology has had impacted us negative wise and positive wise. For a lot of people they see technology as a huge positive impact for people. People may think now that technology is out people contact other people way less but high chance that's not the case. People that do things like gaming or just connection with others online make it way easier to meet other people. For example there's websites like Omega where you just go on and get into a voice chat with a random person around the country or maybe in other countries. There's also many other websites or apps where you can contact random people or even friends and family. There's also gaming, for gamers you usually go into lobbies or servers with thousands of people which is also an easier to contact people. For example if you own a PC, a PlayStation, or even an Xbox there are many games where you can contact people if you're making new friends or even just playing with them for as long until someone gets off. I have heard many stories where people have met online and grew a friendship even though they've never met in person they probably have each other's social media and numbers. Many people use technology to shop. Online shopping is an easier way of finding things you need or even things you want. People commonly do online shopping only because it's just easier and quicker. Some people may have a busy schedule, so it will make things easier if they're running errands or even just going out and spending time with family or friends without having to add something else to their list of plans. Online shopping is probably something everyone has done multiple times and many people can agree that it is easier and quicker than driving out to the store and searching through the whole store to find the things you want or need. In conclusion of this technology has made a positive impact in our lives in many things that people do on a daily basis. Technology could be seen as positive or negative depending on how people see it but in my eyes it's done a good job and has definitely made things easier for a lot of people.