Summer should be normal for students and people. Summer should be to enjoy with your family and friends. Summer is there to have fun go shopping, swimming, and go vacation. Summer is not go be there for long time because winter is coming, so you have to spend time with anybody. Some people don't spend time with their friends or family because they have to work or do something important thing. Summer is one of the best weather that could happen because is not cold but is warm you can go to the beach to have fun. People like summer is one of the best thing that can happen because there water to play, go camping, and hiking. On summer there like thousand things what to do like going to another state, and spend the night are your friend house. Kid like to spend time with their friends some time sometime with there family or with their aunt or uncle. Summer is fun like really fun because there is no school get to stay home and play video games. Summer is to stay home or get out of the house and have some fun with your friends. When summer comes the flowers from the tree grows and grows and turn in to fruit. When winter come, come the flowers from tree falls, and it gets cold. Summer is gone be there every year, so we can have fun with friend and family or go out town to visit your all old parents. Sometime summer can rain a lot because is warm weather it can rain when is cold too. School ends on summer because they let kids have to have some fun and teachers can have break to. Some time summer can get to hot it can get to 100 digressed even more. Some people invited to have pool party in the summer. People like summer because they can do what they want like go fishing, camping, and go diving. Summer can be good or bad because it depends on what do you do wrong. Summer bring as the fair where there are avouched of game in there, so you can go with your friends or family. Summer is good weather, so you can go swimming your friends and family. In summer, they open the pools can go to the river and swim and other thing to do. Many people go to visited there family, or they go to placed like California, Generic_City, and Florida. Summer is the best thing that you can do because is go be there each year and do something that you want to do.