When elementary students have a lesson on what they are about to learn. It is very important because they need to pay attention what is the teacher is teaching the class. Elementary school students should know what is the lesson is on, they should take notes if they have a quiz or sol on it. Students should pay attention in class because if you don't pay attention in class, you don't know what is the lesson is about. If a student doesn't know what is the lesson is on, then find a way to explain what is the lesson is on. Some students that don't pay attention in class, then asks them what is the lesson is about? Some students don't like to pay attention in class because they don't want to learn about the lesson that is given to them. The teachers have to give the lesson because so the elementary school students can learn more things. They can also help the elementary school students if they are having trouble misunderstanding the lesson that the teacher is given. Teachers have to pay attention to the kids to make sure that they are learning something every day. The teacher's job is to teach elementary school students to learn something everyday they come into school. Other teachers might help other students to learn more about the lesson that the teacher was given to them. The whole elementary school can also help with the lesson that kids are having misunderstanding about the lesson is being given to the teachers. Teachers can help the student on the other things that part of the lesson.archers are helping the kids learn something every day because if the kids are not learn anything then, the kids don't know anything about the lesson. Elementary school students should learn the lesson, so they can do more things about the lesson, but if the elementary school students don't know what they are learning then, they don't know what other things to do about the lesson. Other kids might help the kid that doesn't know a lot every day. They can also help each other out. The teachers can help the students learn something every day. If a student didn't know something in the lesson then, the teacher can help them on it. The elementary school students should ask about the lesson. If a student doesn't know how to do the other things that go with the lesson then, ask the teacher how to do it. If elementary school students know more things about the lesson then, they know how do the other things about the lesson. They can also help other students that don't understand what is the lesson is talking about. The elementary school teachers can if a way to explain to the student doesn't understand what is the lesson is talking about. This is what is important to elementary kids. I hope elementary school students can learn more things in the future. Students should pay attention class, so they know what is the lesson is talking about. Teachers should keep an eye on the students that they are paying attention, and they are learning something every day. The students that don't pay attention should pay attention in class, so the student can understand what is the lesson is talking about, and the student can learn something new every day when the student go to school. Students should learn new things when they go to school everyday. 