I think is a good idea for young people to take a career a young age, because they are learning more stuff and when they're going to the university they're already going to know what career they are taking for their future, it's good to them because they can be someone in their life doing their own stuff for them. If they take a career in high school is going to be better learning the same stuff from the university. But is good idea if they take a career in the university because they can teach him better the stuff he needs for a career. The career is the future for young people doing the right stuff and that's why the most people want to take a career for their future, and high school are preparing them for the university. That's why is good idea to selected a career in high school that's the future for our lives. The university help you a lot in the future if u want to be someone in your life you have to do the right things. The university help you a lot in the future if u want to work in a big stuff, you can do it because u took the career in the university. That's why in high school we can selected a career for our future. But at the same time is bad to take a career for other people because they are thinking, a lot of that, and they can't concentrate, in the stuff they're doing. The career can make us a better person for our family, teaching them to the right things, we can do in your life to be someone everyone can be someone, if you ready to take a career. Everyone can do it with help from our high school and the university that's going to help you a lot in your life. We can show our parents the can do stuff for our future making, the right stuff for our life and everyone will remember who you was if you're showing, people that u can do stuff selecting the right career for our life everyone can be a doctor, police,teacher, and other stuff that's why is good idea to selected, a career at young age. Studied hard is a good stuff because you're doing the stuff you want and like for your future showing your parents you're taking a career they're going to be happy for you, and you can show other people if you can do it they can do it too. That's why we have to learn things in high school, for the future.