I oppose to extending the school day to one and a half minutes or ninety minutes. Students need to get back home sooner, so they can practice their homework and do some of their own hobbies at their spare time. Schools must have an appropriate schedule, so students can actually have time to work at home afterwards. The school board shouldn't extend the school day by adding one and a half hours because the students won't have time for themselves at home, the classes would take longer, and the school will end at evening time. First off, students always want to get back home when school is over, but if the school extends the time, the students wouldn't have time to do their own activities at home. For instance, if one student comes home at 4:50 pm, and they finish their homework at 5:30 pm, then their parents would tell them to get ready for bed because kids have to sleep early at 8:00-9:00, so they can be ready for school the next day. Secondly, classes would also have an extended amount of time in the daily schedule if the school day extended. Students will start complaining about the slowness of the class due to the start and end times of classes being changed. For example, the kids would be complaining over the lesson taking so long. Some students would also fall asleep during class too. Therefore, extended class times can affect how students will behave during class. Lastly, the school will end at the evening time. Students would be feeling less energetic when school ends, and they won't be able to get home to do their homework because they're half asleep. When they get home from school, their parents will notice how tired and exhausted they are from what happened at school and the students will have to rest and sleep for the entire day. If the school extends the schedule, then the students' energy won't be enough for them when they return home from school. In closing, extending school hours will affect the students' behavior and the time they have for themselves at home. The kids won't be able to do the fun stuff at their spare time after finishing their homework because they have to go to bed early for school. They'll also feel tired and complain about the length of the school time. When they return home, they'll groggily enter the house and end up resting for the rest of the day. Schools don't need to extend the day by adding one and a half hours to each day. They need to require a proper schedule, so the students can behave properly during the day.