I agree with Emerson's statement. Why would some people never grow up? Some people may have childish personality, so it's most likely that the person won't be able to change much. The three reasons are: your attitude, violence, and lastly friends that some people are using you and say some harsh things when you're not around. Some may say that some people will be able to change. They are wrong because some people won't be able to change how they act towards you. My first reason is attitude: some people won't be able to change your attitude towards them, and won't be able to change how you act towards them. For example, I sometimes have a very bad attitude towards my sister, Generic_Name. I always yell at my sister, Generic_Name for asking me to do something or give her something even though she's younger than I by three years. My second reason is violence: Some people won't be able to change their violence, and some people my end up hurting their closest friends. For example, back in middle school I was always a sweet girl who doesn't hurt people, but after, when I cut my hair some people end up calling me names which made me upset, and I started to get a little violent towards the people who call me names. I'm still sweet towards my friends who understand how I feel when someone calls me names, but I also try very hard to control my violence, so I won't get in trouble. The second example is: My youngest sister, Generic_Name gets violent when my other sister, Generic_Name gets her angry. Afterwards, she tries very hard not to get violent just like me. My last reason is friends: Some people want to use you for money because they wanted to buy clothes only for themselves. The other one is some people will act nice, but, when you leave they will say very cruel things to you. For example, I watch my favorite movie where the popular, mean girls are acting friendly to the new girl, but when the new girl leaves the popular, mean girls say harsh things about her, so the new girl won't be able to hear them. In conclusion, why would some people never grow up? The way the person is acting childish would make them not change that much. I agree with Emerson's statement, because some people can be very childish, and its most likely won't be able to change that much. The three reason are: some people have a very bad attitude, sometimes get very violence, and lastly some people may use you and say very cruel things about you when you're not there.