In the principals' office there is quote stating that" your life can be beneficial if your doing something very productive, because it can lead you to great success in life" In some way we ask ourselves if we are something with our lives and be thinking ahead on what we want to do with our life and what can take us to success. Is that true?. It's more than just having something to do. Life is very short, As long as you are doing something with success. Living is an option as well as just giving up and not trying very enough. Accomplishing something in life to any dream you want to have. If you don't try as hard in life, you will never succeed and imagine all those who gave up and thinking... Where they are now?. Living life can only be chosen just by you, and it's only your choice to think in what direction you want to take. Although some may believe that life, belief, and hope prove that doing something with your own future can accomplish and lead you to a successful life. Your life can be turned around very quick, if only you are doing something very little that makes you happy and know that sticking with it, can take you anywhere you want in your future just only by trying and not giving up on your own self. Not trying and thinking way ahead of your own future can bring yourself down which can lead you to depression, low self of esteem, and as well of not having very much hope. In human society it has been discovered that in most of our population much as 40% of our people in the U.S. are unemployed and don't have anything to do which leads them to go down in their life. There is so much poverty going on in this world and just by thinking about it and you think to yourself and say what did they do wrong in life that brought them to where they are now?. Your future can be so easy as long as you try and have hope in your own self. Just by knowing that you have accomplished anything in life can lead your own way to success. Your future can only be held in your hand no one else. Like It's said once life can only choose due too live a long term of time or short period of time it's all held under your back, your shoulders, and your own self future. Being successful life is very important to your life having many accomplishments can make your self feel very motivated and make it very good. You can make your life very easy and not to hard just as long you are doing something that makes you happy and also as long what right direction you are taking and what good path is in your way. Life isn't easy either, it can be very difficult just as long as you're trying at your very best and you're pushing yourself into having great success, you will be at your very best and the top est you can be. The choice you make, can make it very effectively on you, and it can change anything. The make key in life is as well having much belief on your own future or in life. Belief can only be happened by you and no one else, It can be very good and at its best just as long your try and making your life not to difficult. Having belief isn't bad at all it's just a feeling you have on yourself and that the feeling makes it good for just for yourself and no one other. Every person in the world is very different in their way, everyone isn't the same in the way you see or in the perspective you think in. In society each person can think any type of way they want and they only problem is that you should be only be worrying about yourself but no other. There have been many issues due too how you believe and what others think about you and get to worried about it. Our world shouldn't be like that, in our belief we should stay positive in each one of us and stay motivated in any situation you go through. The belief in come in anyone and whoever think in the mindset of way, we can all go through difficult times and not have any belief in ourselves. But only yourself can change no other can do that for you. The accomplishment in life can mean allot in yourself and can also have no good beneficial idea just for you, but something you can also do is give a big impact in human society. In setting a good state of mindset can change you very completely, another word to help yourself could also be hope. Having hope could lead you very far in life and also having great accomplishments that can also lead you to a big success. If you can't see it, but others can see how your life is being impacted on you not doing something with your life. Only you can change that, but as others can't. Another key to life is hope. It can take you very far and also lead you in any direction yourself takes or as well in any path you want. Having hope is an option and a belief you want or can have. Not every person has hope or believes in themselves because all they want to do is fail. Others can see you fail and not try, but it is very hard for you to see yourself. In life if you have it can lead to do good things in life and have great accomplishments that no other has, just by having good hope. Just know to yourself that having hope can lead yourself to great victory and a great life that no other can have but you. In those who don't believe that if are doing something isn't an accomplishment to success, which that takes my position in saying that themselves thinking that is wrong. Because a key to success in life is having many accomplishments and lead you very far. But in those who also say that being inactive is a way too success is also wrong on their point of view and isn't a true fact statement. Inactivity can't take you too far in life and isn't a beneficial success to life. Having anything to do that you enjoy can lead too good accomplishments and also great success. Having a great life, hope, and belief can take you very far and lead you to any direction or path you want to take. Anyone can have a great life just as long as you try. Life is easier than long you make it a success.  