Although, setting a good example by your behavior is helpful to others, there are other ways to set a good example. Talking to people and persuading them to do good is influential, you can save someone's life by talking to them, you can help someone be successful by talking to them and influencing them to do good helping them take the right path to becoming successful, seeing someone fail knowing you could've spoked to them and influenced them on the right path would suck; I personally would feel horrible, sometimes all it takes is a couple words to influence someone. People don't always pay attention to your actions, people pay attention when their spoken to, when you talk to someone one on one it's so much easier to get their attention rather than you behaving good in class for example. Actions can determine the way you change someone's decisions, the way you behave can set a good example to other people but ask yourself would you rather have someone talk to you, or you go off based on how someone else behaves? Confidence in yourself is also a good way to influence people, you need to be confident in what you're going to say to the other person, you need to be assured of what you're going to say to them. In order for you to be confident you need to genuinely know that person in order to find ways to influence them. Once you talk to them and get to know them better you can go ahead and influence someone, it isn't always how you behave there are plenty of ways you can influence someone. Confidence in yourself is important because once you're confident everything will go smoothly, find out what the person likes and dislikes once you have that in hand you're good to go. Honesty plays a big part when it comes to influencing someone, why? When you speak with honesty you won't hesitate in what you're talking about, you won't feel guilty of lying because you're speaking the truth. Respect is also something you should when influencing someone, when you show someone respect the connection of the dialogue increases and the other person will be interested in talking to you. Determination into influencing someone is probably the most important thing, when you're determined into doing something it's because you really want to do it, nothing is stopping you from doing what you're determined to do. When you're determined into influencing someone you feel secure in what you're doing, that's when confidence kicks in determination and confidence are somewhat alike, determination is when you've decided to do something and there's no turning back, once you feel determined influencing someone will be easy, especially if you know the person well. Decision-making on yourself is important too, you can't go off influencing people to do wrong you need to do a self check and ask yourself if you're ready to influence people, you have to ask yourself do my actions match what I say, when influencing someone you want to influence them to do good not bad. Preparation, you have to prepare yourself before going off to influence other people, why? Because you can't go off influencing people if you're not prepared to do so, do research on how to positively influence people, practice it with friends and family. Influencing people isn't easy, it takes a lot of practice, determination, confidence, respect and just getting to know the person well, once you have all those qualities you're able to go off and influence people that need help, people that need someone to talk them through, there are people out there that rather have someone talk to them and influence them on the right path rather than watching how other people behave. Behavior isn't the only thing the only thing you can do to influence someone, to influence someone you need to be prepared, you need to have confidence in yourself before going and trying to convince people to do things how you tell them to because sometimes we feel like we're right, but we never take the time and think if we're wrong or go back and see what you can improve in. Make sure you're on the right path, so you can ahead and help someone else take the right path with you. Go ahead and influence someone just remember that your behavior isn't the only thing that people look at, people look at your qualities and how you approach them, make sure you do everything correctly, and you'll be set. 