There are two types of working. One of them is working with a group, another one is working individually. Although some people prefer to work alone. I believe it is so much better to work in a group. If we compare these two working types, the benefits of group work are more than those working alone. Firstly, I prefer to work in a group because group work allow a person to work according to his or her strength, since the group members apply their strong side to the work, the completion time will be faster. For instance, I was involved in a car design project several years ago. One person made engineering calculation to understand which parts are critical for our design, I made the drawings of the car components, and another friend of mine made the presentation for our project, then he present it to the teacher, He gave us a good respond and additional points since we completed our work before the due date. To be more precise, we did a great job, because we decided the work according to our strong sides. Another reason why I prefer to work an group is that I think that this type of work establishes a stronger relationship between the group members. As humans, socialization it important for us and working with a group give us a chance to improve our relationship. When people are in a group, they have to communicate with each other at each step of the process. For example, in our last year elective course, I made new friends because we were involved in a group project together. Thanks to the project, we did build a great relationship among each other, and we are still in touch. Lastly, group work improves the sense of responsibility. All group members are aware that their per performance effects the group, so all group members try to do their best and work hard to get better results. For example, A few years ago, some of my friends and I participated in a competition which was related to optimization. Since there was a lot of things to do, we device the topics among each other. We did not have enough information about one of the shared parts. However, a person who got that subject made a lot of effort to learn the topic well. He attended online course and read books related to that field. Eventually, he accomplished it and did a great job. What I'm trying to say is that in a group work, even if a person does not have enough information related to his or her working area, he or she may learn things with his or her effort because he or she knows that a mistake will cause negative outcomes. In conclusion, working with a group makes things easier and helps make the group member work more happily. If we take the info account to all these factors, we may reach the conclusion that working in a group has more advantages than working alone.