Some school districts offer programs that allow high school student to graduate in three years instead of the traditional four years. Student who follow this plan must take courses during the summer or in the evening. Is it a good idea for student to finish high school early? I believe that is not a good idea for a student to finish high school in three year. The reason for this is that they might have a change of heart in what they want to be. Also having four year of high school gives them time to see if they really made a good choices on their career. Also, "will they go along with take courses during the summer?"when it's time to have fun, relax and enjoy the hot nice weather with family and friends. These are one of the reason that its not good idea. Another way to look at this is to find out if there going to stick with the career they pick. For example, when pick a job everyone looks for better pay and benefits to see if the best fit for them. For a student it is totally different because they are look for better pay instead of look for a fitting job they will like an enjoy and stay at. Instead, they look at a job that didn't suit them, then just quit looking and jumping from job to job.Therefore, I find it best if student take there time and complete all four year of high school so that they see what they like to do and complete all their goals and achievements. Another subject is that entering college and the work force one year early is stressful with a lot of responsibility.There is no time to be acting out. Taking your time in high school isn't so bad there not as much stress, as in going off to college because of the expenses there will be. Entering college one year early is stressful there many reasons. One of these reason is there no time to slack off its all about studying and getting everything done. Where in high school you time to turn thing in later if there not fully completed. As you see there a big different in the two, think about the choices before making a quick one. In conclusion having four years of high school let them have time to figure out what they want to after they leave to see what they become. There is no rush there time, to see what they want to be and what their going to do. There are many goals that can be achieved also thing to get better on. Once you leave high school it's time to response able for these reason I think it's best to do all four year because there is no rush on see who you want to be.  