If you still attended school, how would it feel to go to school the whole year? Just have off 3-4 weeks of summer break, maybe 2 weeks of winter break and 1 week in fall and spring break. Well I can imagine that and just imagining that makes my head hurt. Just having to come for 8-9 months of school is hard for some students and I would think that less number of students would come to school if we had a year-round school. Just having a normal school year(8-9 months)is amazing. Although some people say that having a year-round school is an amazing idea because that way students would not forget what they had learned over the year, actually having a year-round school is not a great idea because students would have less stress about school and also students would try harder when they come back from summer break. Although some people say that having a year-round school is an amazing idea because that way students would not forget what they had learned over the year.Also, because students would come back after 3-4 weeks and still remember. Having a year-round school would give students more time to learn all the material they have to know and more easy and faster. Also have more opportunity to get better grades because you are more time in school. I read in an article that it said that the more time you spend in school and focus the better it is for you in the future. Having a year-round school has advantages and disadvantages such as being more time in school, less time being out of school, maybe less school activities, less summer, etc. Many things can change when the school changes. Is always better to keep the old way than start a new way and not be successful. I think that not having a year-round school is a good idea because students would have less stress about school. Students won't be as stress because of school the whole year and only a bit of vacation. Stress can be something bad not just for students but for everyone. Stress causes illness such as your head hurts, back hurts, feel like not doing anything, etc. Not having a system of school like that can give students more time for vacation alone or with the family. Having a 3-4 moths of summer vacation is enough for you to have a really nice vacation with family or like I said before alone. School causes a lot of stress for students and having to come all year is more stressful. Enjoying your summer is not just about one week or two is about having time for yourself and family. Also not having a year-round school would make students try more for the next year that they come back to school. When students have more time off school it makes them want to come back. Students want to come back and start the year. Some of them get so tired of being at home that they just want to come back. Also being on regular school break students enjoy more the summer than just 1 month or less. They have more opportunity to go explore the world and everything. Much more freedom for the summer. When is summer students can't wait to leave school but when its like 2 months out of school they want to come back. Summer is the best season for a student because is when they enjoy most of there time with the family, friends and having fun in the summer is the best memories and maybe the best memories they have with friends and family. My best memories are the ones in summer that I enjoy mostly with my family. In conclusion, some people say that having a year-round school is great because that way students won't forget what they had learned over the year, but I think that having a year-around is not a good idea because students would feel more fatigue than the usual and also when they come back to school they would feel more comfortable and ready to learn more again. Being out of school is a great thing but when you are almost done with summer you just want to go back to school and see your friends and then is the same thing when you are going to summer you feel so excited that you just want to be done and not come back but is the same feeling when you are coming back from summer to start the year. Having pretty experiences and sharing time with the family is amazing that is what makes summer amazing. wouldn't you want to have your children with you in summer vacation? 