Don't you think that we should be what we are no matter who is around? Is important that we give or have our own opinion. For me, my opinion is always important because is what it makes me unique, and what I think is that I know that some people are afraid to be what they are. Because they are afraid to the reaction of people that they love, for example the most important person in my life is my mom, and she is the center of my life, like my dad... But you know something? I'm nervous about the reaction of them, if I act like I want, If I dress the way I like it, I'm afraid that my family or my friends judge me. I think that the author "Ralph Waldo Emerson", is right. I agree with the Idea that he have about the world. People around us is just looking for something to talk about and if for example, I do something wrong, the friends of my mom will talk about me and in the worst case, my mom will do the same. The world influence a lot in ourselves in many ways for example:You will see people following what other person say if he moves to one side he or she will do the same. When we are little people influence, telling you to do the same that the other kid is doing. In some schools they don't let you use imagination, like, you have to do what is there and in my opinion the kids should be free to write or draw what they want. I think that it will help to develop our ideas and be successful. Mom is always telling you to be like him or she. That she wish this and that, and we are trying to do those things and be like they want, that we forget about us, and we try to be someone else. We have many expectations about what we can be, how many things can we accomplish, we make many questions to ourselves, and we try to be someone that is not us, just to make happy the rest of the people, when we should be looking for our own happiness, life is short, life is now, and we have to be what it makes us happy, life doesn't make sense if we live in a place or have people around us that is just stealing our happiness. The world is big and is true that influences, even in our decisions. We have the choice to be what we want. Is our decision, is our opinion, is important to be what we are and not what they want. There is some people that is not agreed with this idea. They think that the world is not trying to make you someone else, that there is not any influence and be what the other people tell you to be, that the opinion don't affect, and it shouldn't have any problem to act or be what they want. But, I think that people around us can influence in our decisions, because we don't want that people we love get upset about us. We are always worried about the opinions of the rest and that is a big example of how the world influence about us and in our personality. We all have something that it makes us unique and special of be. Everybody have different opinions, and there are some people that want others to follow what they said and is not the way it works. The world have many of good things and bad things but what will happen if we just follow what they said, people that is guiding is thinking that it will have the same or better results, but no, we have different results to the different situations and that's why is important to be what we are and do what we like, because in that way, we know how to act to the situation and if you will be a good thing for us to follow, is very important that we show ourselves and get courage to confront many difficult situations. 