Whenever I play football, we do 2 laps around the field After running laps we then stretch for 15 minutes. Later we pass the football to each other, or we punt the football and someone has to run and try to catch it. I find that activity fun, because I get to be with my friends/teammates, and we get to travel with each other too different places like Generic_City, Generic_City, Florida etc. On the bus too Generic_City we study with each other like how we're going to help each other out or like a mini-game plan. We sometimes help each other with homework or needing someone to help study. We love to play football because we are pushing our body to become stronger, healthy,body in check, and our mind out the gutter as in our mind roaming freely but thinking at the same time. Whenever I play left-mid I got to keep eye on my opponent that is in front of me because who knows he might end up getting the ball passed to him, and it's my job to stop him from going further than where he is because if he goes further it'll effect me because it's my job to make sure he doesn't reach the end zone or go further then the spot they were originally at. Football for me release any stress I have on my mind like I just release the stress and be focus more on the field the thing I was stressing about earlier because like for a person like me, I stress a lot and think too much for my brain and my head ends up hurting because of too much stress, over thinking, things on my mind. Football is a very enjoyable sport to play. I enjoy uploading songs and get paid because it's one way of making money by the internet but at the same time it can be really hard sometimes because you have to think what song you're going to upload and make sure there's no mistakes in it very well audio quality. I like video games as well because you think what your next move is about to be because lets say you're playing Fortnite with your friends you got to over thinking the other team thats pushing you and your team because they might be better than you guys combined, so you got to out play them. Once out play them you got to kill the other teams to win the game 