Should be there a difference between people who want to find more accomplish or inactive! There is a debate between people who think should people more accomplish then inactive. Some people believe their journal will take them to their destiny, and they don't have to accomplish anything. It doesn't matter for some people to make decisions and others think different. Because they think their destiny will take them to where they should be. In other hands, I believe what Thomas Jefferson said, "Determine never to be idle... It is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing." This quote shows me why we have to make our decision so fast and not let to wait. Because we don't know what will happen in the future. We have to being more active, so it will help the country economy. When we are active the country rules and powers can change. Being active is optimal for immigrants too because it helps them to learn new language. People always have to take life seriously because how they will know there will be a tomorrow. We should try to make decision before our destiny makes one for us. First, when people are more active by working hard it helps the economy of a country. Many people accomplish succeed by working hard in difficult environment, and it is beneficial for a country to have some excellent active workers. By accomplishing more succeed in your job they can rise your salary. In other jobs they always honor those who are working so hard. It's less chance to be loser. To find sussed everything basically inside your hand. When people accomplish more is not just for their beneficial it is for their country too. Second, In the past women didn't have any rights in to the government until ninetieth amendments. Before women were inactive and that leave them behind, but after while they start having job in the government branch by protecting their rights. When women start being active it helps them to accomplish more success. In America women are having more rights than any other country because they were fight for their freedom. In my own country which is Generic_City, women are afraid of men because women are not active, and they never try to have voice in public. Still today men are making decisions for the women and treat them like a slave person, Some female from my country try to be active to make a difference in my country. Third, some of the immigrants try to be an active in their life by moving into another country. For immigrants, it doesn't matter to accomplish more or not they just want a basic life. When my mom made the decision to move to the United States I was afraid to learn English and my mom use to tell me you can do it if you really wants to learn. When I first start school in U.S. I was so nervous about how can I introduce my self to the teacher because I wasn't able to say hello even in English, but I trust my mom and everything changed. Finally, I get the success and that makes me really happy. In conclusion, we all will find the success by working hard and not let anything make feel us failure. By accomplish more you will be succeeded just don't lose your self. Be hard work and an active person is better than acting like loser. When people inactive they always behind of others and their life is meaning less. People should always accomplish more because there should be a line between who wants to win and who wants to lose. However, many people can't handle success because they lose their self too quickly.