High school, the most perfect time to plan for the future. In some societies, students are required to identify a career by the time they enter high school. The high school will select courses for students to guide them toward the career they are considering. Some people say that it is not a good idea to identify career at high school because students are not ready for entering the adult world. While other people say that it is a good idea because it helps students to plan for their future. To me, I believe that knowing what am I going to do is important. Once people have their goals, they can plan and prepare for their futures. How can people plan for their futures? By thinking about the careers they want to enter, they might also think about what are the things they like to do. They could choose the careers that are the most interesting to them and the perfect colleges base upon their interests. Also, people can have more time to work on their dream such as search more information, meet basic requirements, and get advises from their counselor. Therefore, when people are ready to go to the college, they won't be confusing about what to do. Because they have their goals with them. What about prepare for the future? Well, some schools will provide courses that will fit to students the most. If the students identified their careers, they could do better at studying the related objects in college than those who haven't thought about that thing at all. Because the students know what they want to be, they can choose to take related courses to learn the knowledge they might use in college courses for their career. Some people can even save thousands of money just by taking AP courses which will give them the credits that college will accept. Some may argue that it is too early for students to think about their future by the time they enter high school. They have plenty of times to do that during their senior year. However, if students don't know what are they going to do after high school, they will have no idea about which college is the best for them and what career they want to have. By considering and taking the courses in high school, people could get to know the career and decide whether they want this career. It is better to change your mind in high school than in college. Because by that time, people will waste their money and time to change their majors. Anyway, identifying your career when you are entering high school is a perfect idea. You can choose the courses that are perfect for you and your career and also be ready for college since you have your goal already. Therefore, high school is a perfect time to think about the future. It is the entry to the adult world. So don't just do nothing but waiting for someone else to help you to decide, after all, we have to choose our own futures right?