Is it good for a high school student to graduate in three years instead of the four-year traditional? Let's call it the high school shortcut. Some school districts offer this opportunities to high school students in order to make them graduate one year earlier. Based on my personal perspective, an early high school graduation is a very good experience for high school students. The high school shortcut makes student motivated to think about building their future quickly, increases the degree of their maturity and also help those students to proceed in life easily and faster. High schools should make sure that students are motivated to think about their future and help them by making sure they're in the right path. Some students don't try to enter college right after graduating, some of them will take a year off and some of them don't try to enter college at all. By motivating to think about their future a mean that they would probably be more motivated to enter college at a young age than a certain type of age. Going to college and start chasing your dream at a young age will make students more mature. Life after high school is something serious either you go to college or enter the military starting it at a young age would make students more excited and make them became mature at a young age. So with the high school shortcut students will have the ability of gaining a lot of knowledge about the branch they want to study young and quicker. As soon as the high school students gain the knowledge that high school provides, proceeding easily and faster with the high school shortcut is and good opportunities that should be chosen. Some of those high school students think that it's a waist of time taking a four years high school knowing that a three-year-high school that provides the same type of knowledge is a possible choice for them. As far as I'm concerned, I strongly believe that the high school shortcut which is graduating i three years instead of four years is a great opportunities. Either students who want to graduate early or even students who want to take their time in high school should take advantage of this opportunities.