The prompt says "Unless you try something beyond what you have mastered you will never grow". One would say that is something very wise to say. But due to the lack of wisdom around the world it is basically useless to say anything wise. I personally agree apart from physically growing I'm almost done. Going back to the topic I do agree with what author Ralph Waldo Emerson said in his quote, That if you don't try something beyond on what I have mastered am I really growing in any way ? I have tried anything new and just do the same routine over and over I'm not going to make far in life. Although I can't think of a reason why someone would disagree the statement. I have tried many thing my seventeen years of being alive, and I can say I have grown to be the person I am now. Many people don't try new thing only because they are quick to judge on the presentation of the new item or new person, but if people actually gave the new experience a chance it could be life changing for better or worse. So going back to you trying something beyond what I mastered I won't grow or something like that it's all in perspective if I wish to try something new and be a better person in society I will but if I wish to not try anything at all and just to the same boring routine day after day. Sooner or later I will get bored with everything. Even though some may argue by saying "that's how I got successful in the first place by doing the same routine over and over". In some cases that may work for example in sports the athlete must do the same thing over and over until the get better at the sport or like a dance they practice the same dance over and over until it’s ready to be shared with the world how well one can dance. And for others trying a new routine can lead them to success (well maybe not everyone is talented)In conclusion trying something new does change who you are in a bit by either helping or destroying yourself. People do grow to be wise and old and others don't grow old wise just young and reckless. Author Ralph Waldo Emerson was a wise man to say "Unless you try something beyond what you already have mastered you will never grow. Thank you for taking the time to read this essay.  