Working with a group or working alone which one is more beneficial? Well to me working with a group is more beneficial for many reasons. First off you can get help from other members of your group, you don't have to do everything alone you can give each person one thing to do, and you can learn more about the topic. Now that you know my reasons of why I think being in a group is much better and more beneficial than working alone let me go more in depth about it. Working in a group is great because they can help you with the assignment. If you are struggling and one of your group members sees that you need help then they will help you. They will try and make you understand the problem, so you know how to do it. They will give you different strategies and other ways to figure out the answer. For example my math teacher put me and one of my friend in a group for an assignment we were doing and I did not understand the concept. I asked my friend to help me, and she sat down with me and showed me how to do it. She gave me multiple ways on how to do it and if it wasn't for her help I would still be lost and not know what to do. Another reason why working in a group is better than working alone is that each person in your group gets a specific thing to do. If each person gets a specific thing to do in the group then everything will go by much faster. You would not have to worry about doing everything by your self and putting that stress on your body you will have other members in your group that will do their part of the assignment. Last week in history class my teacher put me in a group with 3 other members. We all had a specific thing to do I had to find the citation for the information we got, Chloe found all the information on the topic, Marcus found pictures of the information, and Sean found videos to support the information that we had. We finished the project at then end of class, and we also got a as our grade.Finally, you can learn more about the topic with your other group members. They could find information on your topic that you once did not know before. It can give each student new ideas and information to make the topic more clear for them and also find new discoveries. It will also help them for test and even a quiz because they just did group work and also answered questions and learned new things as well. This is my final reason on why working in a group is much better than working alone. You can learn more about the topic, you don't have to do all the work by your self, and also your other group members will be helping you if you do not understand the topic and need a little more help. These are my reasons of why I think this is much better than working alone all the time. Having a group will give you more advantages than just being by your self trying to do all the work. It is much more beneficial and I also gave valid reason of why I think being in a group is much better than working alone.  