I think, with that changing 4 days of work in a week have disadvantages and some benefits. Because people will not have time to live their normal life or do work at home, they will use the same amount of energy and resources and people will not support to work many hours in a day. In addition, people have already their own routine to work, even thought if some business try to change work days. To began, people will not have time to share with their family, also working 4 day a week for 10 hours will cause problem in your family, children in those time do not have enough responsibility to be home by their self, even thought, people will not have time to do work at home. For example; to clean their house, to go work after school and to coexist their problems or thoughts with the family. And to do other works at the end of the day. Second, working 10 hours a day they will use the same quantity of energy and resources because is the same sum of hours that all people work, if they work 8 hours a day for 5 day, even that people may use more energy, because the rest of the week people will need energy, as well to work 10 hours a day will use the same amount of resources, to make up all the works that you need to do. Lastly, people will not support working 10 hours a day, because many people have their routine to work, or some of them have problems working to many hours, another reason why people can not work 10 hours a day is that they have their own routine work, as well student in school will not support to be in class. For example many student gets bored in class juts been 8 hours in school and if we compare there will be a lot if issue with their attendance. Another point is many student works to support their self, so in that occasion they will be not available to work and make money. To conclude, to work 10 hours a day is too hard for many people, and they will try to work fewer hours in a day, because they can not have time to share with the family, also they can get sick for being working to many hours. Even thought on these times some people worked 10 hours a day, but at the end of all that working too much can cause serious problems with your health.  