Studies have shown one way to improve a student achievement is to start an after school homework club. Some ways this club can help students can be help with homework, help with classes, and having a talk with teachers. Would you volunteer by helping a student? How can this club help students? It can help kids with homework, not every one likes homework,homework is like getting sand or dirt in your delicious ice cream. Some students are not good at doing there homework, so this club can be good for helping them with homework. You can get help with subjects like math, science,and reading. Do you need help with any subject from school? Reasons why I would volunteer for this club. I don't mind helping students out with work but if its bad kids then I am not helping them, I do not want to be treated like trash. It won't affect my agenda because most of the time I am just staying home playing video games, so I don't mind helping out, I will finally have something better to do. Helping someone is like a firefighter getting a cat out of a tree, I am the firefighter and the cat are the student and the tree is the students' problem. The feel of knowing someone looks up to you because you helped them get better at math is an outstanding feeling. I like helping people out because it is something nice to do, and I think every one should help students get better at school subjects, so we all can do something nice as a team. Studies have shown one way to improve a student achievement is to start an after school homework club. How can this club help students get better at school work? It can help them with homework like science, math , and reading. Reasons why I would volunteer for the club and what I would teach.1 reason is because helping a student makes me feel amazing, and it helps me be a better leader, being a leader can help me with running a company or other jobs. The subject I would teach would be science because I know a lot in science, I have a wonderful grade in science, and science is fun because you can do experiments. This is why an after school homework club is good for students who need help.  