Dear. Reader'sit's all my pleasure to be writing this answer, thank you for give me this opportunity to express my opinion and ideas based on my experiences. Even if my answer is agreed or disagree; I believe that the life is short, and you never know when is going to end. The first impression too but in this case we can know when is going to finish because is a big different between this two. I disagree with the statement that the first impressions are almost impossible to change, I believe that we can change the first impression but not in one second I'm going to tell you some reason the I feel with my experiences that I want to know you. First, "the first impression the receive is very important" Well I'm not sure of that but is something that other people say, so we can think that for one moment maybe is true; because for some people is important what other people think about them so put this case and the table and start think why base on my experience I'm not going to say that is true but I can give you one reason that I think. Well is depend who is the person because if is a boy who you like you want to receive a good impression, but if is not pass the time you or him can change the impression because now you already know the person the boy the point is the time why? Because the first impression is a second, but also you can change pass on time. Second, the impression is how you look like or the expression on your face good we find another point because is other impression the can change and you going to think how well this is a situation before one year ago I was talk with a person, and she looks in the first mad, but she wasn't made the face of her was express mad, but she was't pas the time more and more my so my first impression was the was mad now I think the opposed of here time is the words more important in the life that we can stop or pass, and also we can forget because his lives in our life, but the impression is something the can forget the can pass and something the can't lived in us because is something that we can change is something that we can move. In conclusion everything is based on time and if you ask me that if is a possible change the first impression I'm going to say yes because you're never going to forget the first impression the receive from other person, but you can also change later and your mind or in your background. Always we can change something thanks for everything.