Can many things be done if we are always doing? Succeed comes with hard work and hard comes with trying, but everyone has different opinions and points of views. Although others believe otherwise, there is always something new to learn in this world, we can influence others for the better, and we can accomplish more if we are always ready to keep doing something. I believe the world has plenty of things and places we have not yet explored, learned about or have seen before. Everywhere you go, you learn a something new about someone or something; it could be a new culture, places in the world or even a new language, but that is only if you keep doing. For example, I was born in Generic_City and when I came here for the first time everything was new to me. Starting from seeing different faces to a completely new language, I kept trying to learn more and more about the United States because that is how you keep on doing more and not stopping your learning process. When I first went to school here I was afraid and very shy, but that did not stop me from learning the language and sure I learned something new every day because there was so much to explore all around. That is why I believe that there is something new to try and learn everywhere you go. If you encourage yourself to keep doing, you would not believe all the things you can do for yourself. Which those things sometimes can help you improve yourself and the way you view different things as well. If you keep doing and learning more, you can absolutely influence others for the better. You can teach others from the mistakes you have made from trying new things and from all the experiences you have had before as well. Someone that I look up to as my role model is my older sister, because she taught me how to be the strong young women I am today. She influenced me for the better, because of what she has been through before me. One thing she taught me that was very important to me is to not give up on my goals and my mindset from the beginning. She once told me that people will doubt me no matter who they are, and one of those people was my mother. My mom taught that my sister and I would not even get to college, but here I am as a junior in high school and my sister about to graduate college. A day never went by without my sister reminding me of how strong and independent I can be if I keep trying and keep learning because the world is full of things to learn from, good or bad. My sister had to keep learning and was always trying to do something new, because she knew she could influence me for the better so I could learn from her mistakes. There is always going to be someone out there with advice for you and to influence you for the better, but if you keep learning and trying nothing is impossible. Influencing others can be very important, mostly for the younger generation. They look up to us now, and it should be an honor to show them the rights from the wrongs, but that is only possible if you try to have a good mindset of always wanting to be a better person and knowing what you want. Never stop trying to learn new things because there will always be something out there to learn from and to look at it from a different point of view. Accomplishing a goal can be very hard sometimes and even makes you want to give up, but that is something you should not do. If you are always doing and trying new things you can accomplish so much more than you would ever imagine you could. My goal was to learn English, go to school, and graduate all to prove my parents and my older sister I could. I accomplished part of my goals so far and that makes me feel very proud of myself because I feel like I am slowly accomplishing my goals in a short period of time. When I was younger and until now I have always liked books and that is something that helped me learn English and to improve my learning techniques in school as well. I have not yet graduated, but that is a goal that I am maintaining and that I know I will accomplish soon, but the only way that will happen is if I keep doing and learning more every time I possibly can. You may have people who doubt you or who do not want to see you succeed, but you should never let them control your mindset and the way you do things. A positive mindset always comes with a positive outcome, and always surround yourself with good people because we are here to make good things happen to each other. But keeping your mind open to new things will always help you learn more every day and have new experiences too. You just need to believe in yourself and understand that there is so much more out there that you could not know about, and that it is always good to encourage yourself to go out there and try things you have never tried before. Always influence others for the better and accomplish all your goals no matter how hard it can get, because at the end of the day every good thing you do will absolutely pay off later on when you least expect it or see it coming. In conclusion, I believe Thomas Jefferson's quote is very true because of all the wonderful things we can learn, experiences we can have, and things we can accomplish with time if we keep on doing.