FAILURE PLAYS IN THE PURSUIT OF SUCCESS. I agree with the statement by the British Prime Minister Winston Churchill, who said that" success consist of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm". The word "failure" is being pictured as been a disappointment to family, friends or to oneself. Mistimes, everybody wants to succeed in anything they do, but faces some challenges at the process to achieve that expected goal. These challenges are not necessarily proposed to affect you in a bad way, but sets a room for improvement and perfection. Failure brings a feeling of confidence to a person, working on a project for a long time and fixing mistakes you came across. Makes an individual confident, understanding everything that concern that work and feeling more relaxed doing it without so much anxiety. Mr Rubio, was told to come up with an Architectural plan for a building close to a water fall. Rubio knew this project was close to impossible for him to complete this task, but he accepted it and started making the building plan. After he taught he came up with a suitable plan for the building, it got rejected by the state building committee, because they asked him why certain things were placed this way, and he couldn't answer effectively. He had to go back and identify he's faults in the building plan, and come up with a better one. Rubio had sleepless nights, communicating with various Architects and Civil engines to get some idea on he's work. When Rubio was convinced he was ready to take the project to the board meeting he felt confident in himself and knew he could explain everything concerning he's building plan to the committee. When he turned in the drawing, and was asked some certain questions he quickly answer them with absolute confidence and got approved. Secondly, the more you face challenges life throws at you makes you stronger. If everything in the world moved positively we won't invent things in order to satisfy our human needs. Isaac Newton and other scientist encounter a problem and decided to solve this problems by making inventions. So work could be done faster, reduce Man power and done more effectively. Before Isaac Newton got the light bulb to work, he failed ninety-nine times of he's experiment. These failures didn't stop him from achieving he's goal, he kept on striving hard making research and later came up with a long-lasting light bulb. Which helps us see clearly in a dark place. Although it takes time, to achieve these goals after failing. Most people would get frustrated and quit, there is an old saying "nothing good comes easy". To achieve whatever you desire in life, you have to be ready to encounter difficulties and failure, but approaching this problems knowing that you are going to get better it just takes time and patience. After achieving these goals what would be seen is your accomplishments rather than your failures.  