Most students in high school who would be looking forward to attending college barely have enough time to even get a part-time job. They would work as hard as they could for a better and brighter future. For that specific reason, committing a career by the time they enter high school would be a bad idea for the students. They would need more knowledge, they would be too young to decide, and that could also ruin their dreams. Students should not commit a career by the time they enter high school because they would not benefit from it. Firstly to begin with, lack of knowledge could not only destroy their dreams, but also them. They would not have enough experience. Everything would be confusing for them because they didn't have a chance to learn them back in high school. One thing for sure, they wouldn't be good at it as well as they would be if they finished high school and attended college. Also, they wouldn't be as open as they should be. Secondly another, being young and have to decide something that is going to be a big part of their future is the hardest decision. They might regret it in the future. There is a fifty percent chance that they'd change their mind when they grow up. When they are young, scared,and have pressure on them, they usually make the worst decision, but later in life when they would finally realize it. It'll be too late to fix it. They also would even blame their parents in some kind of way. Also, that one decision can ruin their life and dreams completely. They wouldn't even be interested in going to college. They might drop out high school when they would start receiving checks because they need money, and they get it at least every week,"so what's the point of going to college", they would think. Furthermore, they would also need more time to think and decide what they really want before choosing something they might regret. In conclusion, not only high school students, but every other kids in general have the right to have enough time to decide what they want when they feel ready to. They need to finish high school, go to college, and have a chance to choose what they want to be. When they don't have enough experience they are usually shy and scared when doing something because they don't know what they are doing. When this happens, the kid can blame whoever he or she wants because his or her parents and the school guidance should have sat down with this kid and tell the kid all about high school, college,career, and better future because that's what they are here for.