When we make our own decision, we are creating our own world. People should make their own decision than be guidance from expert and authorities because they can't grow like a person by it-self. If they are guidance from experts or authorities they can't develop their own knowledge. That not help then because they are depending by other people, and they can't try something different by it-self. I agree with people who make their own decision because they build a self-confidence, learn to be independent, and develop own skills. When people make own decision they build a self-confidence. One example of build self-confidence is that we can believe in our self in what we can do. Another reason is that we can feel confident by making our own plans. Last reason to build our self-confidence is that we have the ability to create our own future by making good decisions. Taking our own decisions always help us to feel confidence because we feel like a responsible person in each decision made. Taking our own decisions helps us to learn to be independent. One reason is that we learn to work by our self by making the decision to create our own business without be guidance from a expert. Another example is that we learn to get up by itself, when we fall down by a bad decision. Last reason is that we have the right to do better if we get something wrong in our lives by a bad decision. When we make a good decisions by our self we feel independent because we are learning to live by ourselves. The people who make their own decision, they are developing own skill. When we take own decision we are improving our knowledge because we are understanding about what are the good decision and bad decision. Another reason is that we are learning to develop our own personality because making decision help us to get more experience in our lives. Last reason is that to make decisions also help us to grow like a person because when we take decisions they make feel us with confidence that we are people with great capacity to do anything. Make decision in our lives help us to develop our own skill because we are understanding how hard is live if we select a wrong decision. Make owns decision always help us to grow by ourselves. By doing own decision we can build self-confidence to be a successful people in our lives. Practicing own decision help us to be independent and make feel us as a responsible peoples. When we make own decision, we are making our own progress for future coming by developing skill like doing better our personality. It is for this a many others reasons that people should believe that is better made their own decision than be guidance from experts and authorities.