People and educators feel like we need to have year round schools, is that a good idea? I feel like we do need to have year round schools. Because when we go back to school most of the students don't remember anything from last year, we would get more days to understand things and remember it. If we start to remember things we did we would not need to have to go over so many things and get to the new stuff for like Math, History, English. The more days were in school we understand the things more, and it will stick to us more. Because the more that we start doing in class, and we get help with it, we will know what to do when it comes for us to takes test or Sols. Like sometimes when I come back to school I really don't remember what we learned last year or how to do certain problems for math or what ever class it is. But maybe with this year round school thing I might be able to remember these things depending on what we learn in class. I think the reason we don't remember things so much is because we really don't pay attention, or we're not really focused on what we're learning. So now with the more days we have maybe we could get a chance to try different teaching methods, so the other students can get more attached to what we are learning about and focus more o things in class. I'm liking the idea of this year round school, because there more opportunities we can have and more ways, so we can focus because of the days were going to have. The only downfall of this is that are summer is going to be less than usually, but I mean well get other days off so that's good. Hopefully with this new school thing it will be easier to remember all the information and things we learn. I feel like that the year round school thing could work, it would help out tons of people with remembering things. So there classes could become easier because they would remember what they did last year and know how the problem or question is. It would honestly help me out a lot because I would be able to do more work because I would know how to do the work. I think this would work and be very successful, so we can try and see what happens! 