Some students are expected to identify a career by the time they enter highs school. Some students are expected to identify a career by the time they enter highs school, identify a career during highs school help, more time to decide, however,They don't have to identify a career during highs school. Fist, Some students are expected to identify a career by the time they enter highs school, identify a career during highs school help to increase the basis and experience about the career do you want for future, and it is a good idea for to commit to a career at a young age because they need to start develop responsibility about the future, and it's good for the student start follow the goal.(example) If a student identify the career during the highs school improve the opportunities to go ready for the university. Scents are expected to identify a career by the time they enter highs school. Second, Some students are expected to identify a career by the time they enter highs school. Students that choose a career in highs school have more time to investigate about career the want and have the opportunity to change the career and choose another career and the student do not loss the time, when student go to the university will be secure what career they want to study. (example)If a student identify the career during the highs school and the student think the career I don't like I want another career the student don't loss time and money in the university study a career that the student don't wan. Students are expected to identify a career by the time they enter highs school. In conclusion, Students are expected to identify a career by the time they enter highs school, identify a career during highs school help to increase the basis and experience about the career do you want study, students that choose a career in highs school have more time to investigate about career the student wan and have the opportunity to change the career and choose another career and the student do not loss the time and money study a career that they don't like. Some students are expected to identify a career by the time they enter highs school.