Teachers and some adults think that some students are expected and have the capacity to identify a career by the time they enter high school. Student is the only ones who can decide If they are able to take care of that responsibility or not. In my opinion I think different, and I don't think that young students are able to carry out with a career and I will support my reasons. First I think about all of that students who are already independent by their self, they probably have a job and need to pay their own bills, the rent, their phone, and they maybe have no time to carry out with all of that responsibilities with their education and the career at the same time, they need to work hard study and that is not easy for them. As the same time they probably have a lot of homework to do, and they need to be responsible at their job. Another good reason I have is that some students without time they have no help, and they have no support from other people to try and see if they are able, or they are already capacity to care about the career in high school, many students are able to do it but some of them are not able to pay for the help or the stuff need for the classes, some students have the luck to find people who just want to help them, and give them the opportunities to go on and help them with the decision they take to carry out with the career in high school but teacher or other people just don't want to help them just because they think and the give their opinion that they are not ready to take that decision and they still learning and have not the capacity to work on it, and they just leave them and they don't give the students the opportunity to explain or show them that they are able to do it. Also, a lot of students are fighting and giving all of they can with their education, and they are giving up, they get tired with all the classes they have with all the responsibilities they are carried on and that why is hard for them keep studding in high school but most of the student are strong and still working to getting prepare even if they are having problems at their house or problems with their family they just want to move on. Even though that some of the students are too young in high school, and they are still learning about how life is, how hard is to take care about the responsibilities the adults are already taking on, and they think how hard can be if they take the decision to identify a career by the time they enter in high school it can be difficult for them because with the rest of the courses they are taking they will take more than normal classes. For some reason the students are not even thinking about their career when they are just enter the high school they are probably focused on the responsibilities they are going to have, or they are already had in high school with their education, they have to take care of them. A lot of students make a mistake, for example when they don't care about their education, and they focus on being the best in their personality how many friends can they have or how good can they look, they need to ripen on their attitude and star thinking about their education they need to think how good in their education can be better on or how good grades can they have to make their family proud or how far can they go if the keep working hard and make proud of their self. People can think that it would be easy for them or some of they can think that it will not. I think that it is not a good idea selected to guide them toward a specific career, that's why I just explain my reasons, so they can see that it will be difficult, hard and stressful, they are too young, and they can't take care of a big responsibility.