There are many ways to look at this statement. Even though Mr Lubbock does make an excellent point in his argument I do not support it. I believe that our characteristic traits have a lot to do with the people that we choose to surround ourselves with. We have all been influenced in a certain way by someone. Whether if that was being convinced into doing something that we didn't want to do or if it were given a confidence boost to tackle the challenge ahead of us. There have been many cases where someone gets into a lot of trouble by doing something that they didn't want to do. They were brainwashed into doing what everyone around them told them to do because they were the people who they truly trusted. But in the end they were just let down by them. For example there are many known cases where some innocent teenager gets a drug addiction because they were influenced to do them by the people who they were surrounding themselves with. This one poor decision has now changed that persons entire life by someone who they probably won't even remember their name in ten years. They won't get the opportunity to play in any sports teams because of their current state. People will look down on them because of what they have done in the past. They won't get the same job opportunities as other people because of their mental and physical state. Because of this we should be able to love ourselves the way we are and we shouldn't need the influence of people around us to shape our lives, we should be forward and honest with people, if you don't want to do something they that are telling you to do you need to build up your confidence and tell them that you won't get involved in such a thing. Does this mean that you will lose a couple friendships? Sure but at least you did what was right, and you were able to take control over your life and make what you think are the right decisions. Now that person is probably going to get into a lot of trouble by what they have done but you won't because you were able to take matter into your own hands and do what was right for your future. In conclusion take control over your own life and don't do what everyone tells you to do. Go with your instinct and if you believe that something is wrong then don't do it because it might change your future forever for the better or for the worst. 