What do you think about benefits of working with a group or working alone? Every country, every school, all teachers have teaching for students how to work together to playing games on assignment. And games can make for students likely work together to create atmosphere funny, if they're working with an atmosphere new, they could be give some ideas faster and learning better. Why we need to teaching them the way like that? If we did not teach the students working with a group, what happen will be? Almost the students really like working alone than working with a group. Because they think they can give some idea bad, and they don't want somebody complain when they do something wrong. If parents or teachers don't teach them working with a group and believe by them self, they will be never successful on the way they are. When Bill Gate was young, him learning about software and computer, when him did not have more idea. Bill Gate told friends about working with him, Bill Gate said: We could be created something new about software and computer. After two years, they could be created the new computer and software. Five years later, Bill Gate become rich people in the world. If Bill Gate did not tell friends working with him, then we never know about software and computer like him created that. Bill Gate said: If the war appears, you did not work together, your country will be lost. Why we necessary to working with a group? Because working with a group might be make your love each other and understand when you work. When a group understands each other, they would be done some project better and always will be on time. Like a company they never have one people working in there, because one people could not be done some project better a group. Every people working in company, they're never working with alone, because they don't know where you fail when you're writing essay. That's why we need a group can fix your fail and make you do better in your job. When you're working with a group, you can learn some ideas your friends talking and the way they're working. Danial Williams Hale said: Everything you learn, everything you practice, it would be help you some case. If you like working with a group, you can learn skill about your friends, you will be easy to successful on the goals. Like playing games, they need a team working together, if one people in a team like working alone, they can make your team loser. If you like working with a group, you will have more friends and second language if your friends from another country. If in the world, we don't work together, maybe the world war three will be occurred and the peaceful never got in the world. And we will never know culture of another country. In general, working a group can make students learning about how to work together and give an idea best. And can be understood more about the life with people in group, can share problem and working better. If you're teaching for your son or daughter working together, when they grow up, they can brainstorm better and faster. However, If they knew how to work with a group, they can create one company and system. They will leader a company grow up and never go down.