When working alone, I agree that it is more time saving and beneficial because. You are more focused and consentradedon what you are doing. So when working on a job or school project, you can gain experience on working alone. You are also more independent when working alone, and that is helpful when gong to college or getting your first job. Others can distract you and waist your time when working as a group, and you'll end up doing all the work. Ending up with a bad score in your grade. So because of this, people should be able to consecrate on their self, and do their own work alone when the time comes to do so.First, working alone can make you more independent. So when you grow up, and leave off to college. You're not going to have anybody to leach on, so you should be more concentrated on your self then others because. No one is going to want help you on your work. So from being independent, you gain that self-confidence, and experience of working alone. From this you are able to do your own choices. That allows you to get a job, or buy stuff that you want. Second of all, when working alone. You gain a better understanding on the subject instead of others opinions confusing you on what to do. Independent work can make you understand what you're doing, and get a good score at the end or a higher paycheck if it's a job. Others may distract or confuse you on what the subject is your doing. For an example, You might be doing a battery replacement on car. You would read instructions on how to do. Then see an example on what to do, but from that point. The instructions are different then what your trainer did. You might be confused on what your about to do, and then mess put at the end. Others may tell you that you're doing it the wrong way, and distract on what you're doing. SO working alone may save you time, and be more concentrated on replacing the cars' battery, and finishing the job. Finally, working alone can make you more focused instead of being distracted by others. You should focus on your own work then copying the same thing as another student. That student might no Beau correct, and you are going to end up with the same failure grade as you student you copied from. Or when working in groups. Some students may be lazy. Leaving you with no time left, and making you do all the work. Sometimes others may have a different idea on a subject, making you both fighting over witch one to do. Or some student may be playing around, making lots of sound. Making you distracted, and not finishing the work you were suppose to do. It is better to work alone because it will help you four more, and get a good grade at the work you have done. In conclusion, working alone can save your time, and make you independent on making your own choices. It will also give you that confidence of working independent, so you don't have to ask others on what to do. Working alone is just a good skill to have when you go off into your own life adventure. When you are able to do your choices enter if its good or bad. You are more independent and responsible for doing your own work, and choices of what to-do. 