Should students be expected to commit to a career at a young age? Some societies say yes, by the time they get to high school they will be given courses to guide them toward the career they have chosen. With the students given the classes needed by the guidance teacher, It will get them a well paying job right after graduating because they will already have the classes needed for that job. If they plan on going to collage to become a scientist they will offer you classes for free, and you won't have to pay for those classes in collage. By having students identify a career by the time they enter high school seems to me like a great idea. Once they know what there career is going to be they can take the classes required for that job. Once the student has identified the career that he or she desires, the guidance teacher will step in and set up the classes that you'll need to take for the career that you've chosen. When I first entered high school the guidance teacher pulled everyone out of class to ask us what our career was going to be. I remember telling her that I wanted to become a carpenter, she said"great choice we actually have another school that you can go for the second half of school". I told her that seems great, she also put me some math classes because in carpentry you use math to measure. That was how the guidance teacher helped me achieve the career that I wanted by helping me get the classes that I needed to become a carpenter. By committing to a career at a young age actually helps the students succeed in life. How does it help the student succeed? It helps the students get a good job by the time they are out of high school, by giving him the classes required for the career he wants. For example some of the students that didn't commit to a career when they were in high school are now working in a low paying job. Some are even in a lot of debt paying for the classes needed for the career they want while they could have got some classes for free in high school. One of my cousins went to high school and every year the guidance teacher would ask him what he wanted his career to be. He would always say I don't know yet, time went by and when he finally found what he wanted his career to be it was too late. My cousin is now in big debt with the bank trying to pay for his classes that he needs for his engineering job. If one of the students decides he wants to become a scientist when he grows up. The guidance teacher will give him the classes needed like Biology and science classes. Once he gets into collage he will already have some classes required to become a scientist. He will only have to pay for the classes that are not provided in school. My uncles' daughter is studying to become a teacher, when my cousin was in ninth grade she told the guidance teacher that she wanted to become a teacher. She was given some of the classes that are required to become a teacher, but they told her that she would have to go to collage, but they would give her all the classes that they could offer, so she wouldn't have to pay as much when she went to collage to become a teacher. Other people argue that a student should not commit to a career at a young age because they don't know about all the careers that are out in the world. They could choose one and latter change there minds into another career. The is a good chance that all the students who chose the career they wanted ends up being the job that they have in the future. With having the students to commit to a career at a young age is good because they will be given the classes they need in order to be successful in the career that they've chosen.  