I believe that having 3-4 weeks break in the summer, a longer winter break, and a week off in the spring and fall, sounds like a good idea. It will be easier to hold the information when you return in the fall. The days will be shorter since the school year is longer. I believe not everyone has something to do over the 3 months of summer break. It will be easier for people to hold the information when they return in the fall. A large amount of people forget what they learn in school when they return from the 3 months of summer break. Every time summer break comes I forget mostly all the information I learned, it just leaves my head over those months. When we get 3-4 weeks over summer break, not all the information will leave. It will be easier for us students to not forget what we learned over the months. School days will be shorter since the school year is longer, or we can have one weekday off and have school at a regular time. They can change it, so students don't have to wake early in the morning. Some people can't wake up early and some people get off work late and have school the next day. Students can have one weekday off, like a Wednesday or Friday off. It will give them time to relax and stay focus on school. Since, the school days are shorter, they can have time to teasels and not be stressed. I believe not everyone has something to do over the three months of summer break. They might just do something for one month and for the another two months might not do anything. They might just stay inside and play video games all day and not read or not pick up a book the whole break. Furthermore, they might not even exercise all day. Students need to have something to do over the breaks, so they can keep learning.Sometimes I believe it's a bad idea. Students will stay a school the whole year until they graduate, and they need to spend time with their family. Some students don't really like school, and they will get too stressed and breakdown over the year, so they need a long break from school. Students need time for teasels, so they don't stress as much. Students will stress over too much work, and they have after school jobs, so they can't do their homework. Having 3-4 weeks of summer break, a longer winter, and a week off in the spring and fall is a great idea. It will be easier to hold the information when you return in the fall. School days will be shorter since school year is longer. Not everyone has something to do over the 3 months of summer break. That's why I believe students should have 3-4 weeks of summer break, a longer winter break, and a week off in the spring and fall.