Former British Prime Minister Winston Churchill once said that "success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm" and I agree with what former said because to succeed in something you have to accomplish many steps to get there. Feeling motivated helps you succeed and accomplish your goal. It's better to keep failing at something over and over again because you can see what you need improvements on, but eventually you're going to succeed. For an example, my sophomore year I was taking geometry and I didn't do very well during the school year, but there was a point where I just didn't even care anymore. I failed all four quarters for that class during the year and I don't blame anyone but myself because I know I was capable of passing and succeeding the class. The reason why I didn't pass the class was because I didn't feel motivated, and I just gave up too quickly just by a few fails I made. I kept failing constantly so I didn't even try anymore but If I would've followed from what Former said, I know I would've succeeded during the year. However, I took the class again that same year during summer school and I knew I had to pass and give it my all. From all the fails and mistakes I made, I learned from them. I kept practicing, and I kept motivating myself, there wasn't a moment when I doubted myself. By the end of summer school I passed the class and all I had to pass was my SOL and I know I had to work hard to pass the SOL, so I kept studying. The same day I took the test, I was going to receive my score and I took my time on it but eventually, my teacher told me I passed, and I ended up getting the highest score from the class. I was proud of myself even though I failed many times I eventually succeeded. Former British Prime Minister Winston Churchill once said that "success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm" and from my experience that's why I agree with what Former said. The most important thing you can't do it do is give up because If I would've given up I would've never succeeded. It's worth it to fail over and over again but without loss of enthusiasm and eventually succeeding.