Pursuit of success what is success mean? Do success really consists of going from failure to failure without give up? What do I think about success? Do I know what success mean? Have I felt success about something that I did? Do I know anybody that success after a lot of fail without loss their enthusiasm? Have I ever given up in something that I thought never could be success on it? Do I agree with Churchill's statement about the important role that failure play in the pursuit of success? Which is my opinion?First, to me success is to be good at what you do, cooking, driving, boxing, flying, playing sport or teaching it doesn't matter what it is, if you are good on it, you are going to be successful. And yes. I believe that to be success really consists on going from failure to failure without give up. Because sometimes we need to know how it feels to fail in order to feel what is success mean. You know. To me those people that didn't work hard, don't know how failure feel like are the one that faster go down, because they don't care about it, until they got there. My thinking about success, is the that's the best moment of a person who fighting and fighting for what he or she wants without giving up until his/her last breath. You know. One year ago when I went to my country, I hear a lot of people saying this guy die unhappy because he didn't enjoin at all what he work so hard to accomplish. And then the guy who was the death guy best friend and partner said. He didn't die unhappy because he dies doing what he wanted to do all his life. Later I began to think about that ask myself is really important fight and fight to success in something and I know that everyone there did the same because they all stay quiet for a few seconds. And after that. Success to me is being good at what you want, fight for it, and be happy. Since I receiver my family telling me, that the most important things on life are those that you make by you on. You know. My family are very poor people. So when I was like 11 years old I decide to get a job, so I could buy things like pencil, pen this like that and went to my neighbor have a factory of come, and he pay me like 1 dollar but in Dominican money every day. In a few days a lot of pencil, and a began to sell then. I never had to be worried for those things anymore or money for project. I guess that time feel really successful I was doing something the really worked. I have a friend who is now a professional Bristol player, he fails a lot of time the test to be a professional baseball player because he didn't have what was needed to pass it, and he didn't give up until pass it. He was so happy that me. I have had give up in a lot of things. Looking back now that I think about if I will put more enthusiasm on it, maybe I would success. I free with Winston Churchill's statement about the important role that failure plays in the pursuit of successes. Because I know how it feels fail, and success. I know many people who had fail, and fail, and fail, and then success.by:Generic_Name