Most students enjoy summer vacation, but some educators feels students doesn't retain information as easily when they return in the fall and summer break is too long. But they should also think about the students point of view. They don't see the students point of view. How they feel about this? But No, Educators shouldn't make students' break year-round school, where there should be a 3-4 week break in the summer, and a week off in spring and fall because they don't have as much time spending with their family and most students also have responsibility. The first reason is that they don't spend time with there family. School is taking there time when they go back home. Student comes everyday day at home to do their homework and make sure they have everything ready for the next day of there school life. Some even has projects to work on. While the student is only worry about that; they forget about there parent for a while. That can really effect them because they don't give enough truth to their parent about what's going on in there life. Anything can be happening. And educator feels that student's breaks are too short. That the first reason why they shouldn't make students' break year-round school, where there should be a 3-4 week break in the summer, and a week off in spring and fall. Finally, the second reason is most students also have responsibility. Student also have a life and things to do. In summer, spring and winter break is where most students try to help there parent around and use there free, however they want. They don't have to stress as much over homework and projects. Most student also believe everything they learn at school is not worthy information that why they come back forget most of the thing they learned at school. This is the last reason. Although, some people feel that summer break is too long and that students do not retain information as easily when they return in the fall. There are people who believe over wise. The fact remain that educators shouldn't make students' break year-round school, where there should be a 3-4 week break in the summer, and a week off in spring and fall because they don't have as much time spending with their family and most students also have responsibility. That why they shouldn't remove summer spring and winter break.