People will tell you that without doing something, you'll never get what you want. I agree. Accomplishing something is a great feeling when you know you've done it because when you know you put in the time and effort for it and get a great result. It shows that the time you toke to make it was worth it. Sitting around, letting people hand you stuff will get you nowhere in life, because instead of you doing something, you wait for them to give it to you, not aware of what that person had to do to. What does it mean to accomplish something? To me accomplishing something is when you worked hard for what you did, and you're satisfied with your result. That to me is accomplishing something. Whenever I set my mind to anything, I do whatever it takes to make it. For example, I had a championship final in a week and I needed time to prepare my mind and body for the game. The time came to play the game and all I could think about was winning that trophy. We ended up winning, and I won what I was waiting to accomplish. I don't think I could have made it if I didn't make a dedicate my time to win the finals. Kids nowadays are spoiled by there parents to get whatever they want just by asking. I can understand that some parents care about what the needs of their own children, but I often see parents buy unless things for there kids and that can be a problem because when they know they can get these things that aren't any use for them, they go asking for other stuff that they don't need. A solution to this problem can be when they are old enough to get a job, to get one, so they can make money, so they can buy things for themselves. Instead of leaching on Mommy and Daddy's money all the time. Getting a job shows that you're doing something to get what you want, for example, a house, a car, anything you can spend your own money that you need. The effort you showed got to where you are, and now you know you accomplished it. A person I know that has accomplished a lot in his life is Cristiano Ronaldo. He is a soccer athlete and was born in a small town in Portugal. Like others there, his family was really poor and couldn't afford him anything really. He was a trouble child in school and misbehaved when things didn't go his way. He was very talented in soccer though. Furthermore, he would go outside, find anything round and did whatever he would do to a real soccer ball. Furthermore, he was noticed by coaches when they would hear a young kid scoring goals not any normal kid would. Furthermore, he moved to the capital of Portugal and would play for the towns Division one team. Furthermore, he never forgot his family back home. Furthermore, he would have made a ton of money to send back to his family and bought them a house in a much nicer and safer location. His goal was to be the best player in all soccer. He worked in and out of practices to get better and play for a club that people would notice that he was. He was bought by one of the greatest teams in all of Europe Real Madrid. Furthermore, he was the highest paid athlete at the time and whenever he got his pay check, he would always use it for a good cause like, family, charity, etc. Furthermore, he would eventually be nominated for the best player award five times and would end up winning those times. Furthermore, he accomplished what he had dreamt of becoming, and I hope people could see his story and realize you can't just sit around and do nothing, you have to put in time and effort to get what you want. I can understand when people can get lazy and not do anything to accomplish anything. Not everyone is perfect. But sooner or later they'll realize that without doing something, you can't get what you want. Sometimes people are fortunate to receive things just by asking, but do you want to live a life leaching off people? Letting them know "oh this person can't live without me because I get him everything" I know I wouldn't. I hope to accomplish here that, you have to make an effort in order to accomplish something. 