Why isn't a good idea to conserve energy and resources in the school ? Some students said that is a good idea, because is less than energy, and we can save more resources but, I think that when we have homework, and we don't have computers in our homes we have to make that homework in the school, library, wartime or in the classroom, but what happened if we don't have energy in the computers ? We can fell some points of this class for not make that homework on time. Is this happened in two hours of a day of school imagined four days of school ? This can be a problem for students because we don't have resources to make our homework on time, and we can feel awful about this problem, we can have problem with our parents too. Some students have the resources in their houses because they parent can pay for that and is the reason why they said yes is fine to conserve energy and resources in the school, but other students they can't because their parents can't pay, or others reasons like they don't have their parents here, they have just mom and their mom have more daughters or brothers, and she has to pay rent, car, bills we really don't know but are a lot of reason why they can't pay for internet. I think that energy and resources in the schools is not a bad idea, but for some students is a good option to make homework and enjoy of them with accessible confidence, if we don't have energy for four days of school can be really hard to make everything at the same time as other students because we are a lot of students, and we can't use that same computer at the same time because is not the same homework or is not easy to find it, and we can take more time than others, that's why I think that is not a perfect idea for all students, Other students think in not because some students use that internet just for see Facebook or video games, and they lose time that other can use, but they can't talk for everyone because some students use that internet for perfect reasons like homework, read books, and other things. Other reason to not conserve energy can be the air conditioner if we don't have energy the air conditioner is doesn't work and depends on how is outside the weather can be affect at the students, and teacher because what if is snow outside, and we don't have air conditioner we can get sick or pain in bones, if we don't have energy we can't charge the phones, and we can't talk with our parents or if we have an emergency, and we don't have energy how we called at the ambulance, is that's why energy is a perfect resource to communicated with other and make something's important. In benefits, we can save more energy because we use the energy just in limited time, the bill of the energy in the school can be less than then before, and we can have more resources for our school too. We can have different activities outside. In conclusion, if we don't have energy for four days of school, everything can be hard for us, some businesses can be conserved energy and resources because is a different condition in their business, but for schools the energy is a good resource to the knowledge of the students. 