The success is something that everyone gets one day. Some persons don't success, because they maybe don't have the opportunities to success. Others persons don't success because they don't want to success, they don't want to be an important person, with a perfect job, or house. Success sometimes have something bad; to get success, in jobs, or in life, people go throw a lot of bad things. I agree with Churchill's statement, it's a true statement, and so important too. First, people have to have enthusiasm, if people lose enthusiasm they break down, they deteriorate. Failure makes some people more weak, and others so hard in thinking in perfect things for there life. Failure is something that every person have, or they go throw failure before. People can failure in jobs, people get fire from there jobs they failure. Second, failure plays an amazing role in the pursuit of be better; However, when people failure too much, the perfects things come after. In people life something chance when they go throw too much failure. They think different way, they see the thinks different. When people failure, they start thinking in different way, because they go from failure to failure. People maybe think that they are not going to be a respect, or an important person, that's why they think like that. However, some people failure a lot of time, but they don't care they try again, and if they failure they try again, they don't stop trying they don't loss enthusiasm. Example: A person go to a school, to find a job like a teacher, he wants to be an English teacher, they went to the main office to talk with the principal. She said," We don't need an English teacher in this school, we already have one, and he is so amazing in his job." The teacher went to the other school to find job. He went in, and talk with the principal, she was so nice, and she accepted him in the school as an English teacher. He was so nervous, and so happy to hear what the principal said. Furthermore, he did not loss enthusiasm, the first school he went they tell him that they already have an English teacher, and they don't need another one. The second school accepted him, and now he is an English teacher, because he didn't loss enthusiasm. He failure in the first school, but he success in the other one he went. Last, Some persons are amazing to failure, but others are angry, or sad to failure, there are different types of persons. Some they like to failure, some they don't like to failure. All the persons' failure in one time in their life, but they maybe success when they failure. Some success and they don't failure anytime. Enthusiasm is something important that any person have not to loss it. Success is something in your life, but people go throw a lot to get success, they failure and failure, and then get success. Some people don't success, because they don't want, or they can't. Once people success, others are going to success too. A person success everyone success. People have to not loss enthusiasm to success. Some people success and don't have failure? Some persons' success with not having failure, but later in life failure comes. 