Imagine being a loner for the rest of your life because you only relied on yourself. This quote says" think about the benefits working with a group or working alone." Working alone helps you complete what is task to you with no distractions, and creates an important skill to be independent. Working in a group helps with your commutation skills, and each person has their own role to play in a group, so it's less stressful. Although, working alone is more beneficial, actually, working with a group is the best beneficial. Those who believe, working alone is more beneficial have a point because you don't need to rely on anyone. You have more control on what you're working on, these are also your own ideas not anyone else. Working alone keeps you concentrated on what you are working on. For an example when you're working alone it's less likely to get distracting by someone. Working alone can develop independent skill, this skill is good to have in the future. In reality no one is there to hold your hand and guide you. The benefits working alone are completing your own work with your own reasons and fewer distractions. However, the benefits on working with a group helps to get the job done faster. Listening to what others say is great listening skills; people like when you listen to them. In a group you can combine ideas and relay on each other. For an example you're confused you have your group to explain to you what you need to do. This benefits your commutations skills and willing to speak up when you don't understand something. There is nothing wrong with reaching out for help, it shows you want a better understanding on the topic. Working in a group also has an advantage in speeding up to possess since each person is working on what they're assigned to. Everyone has their weaknesses and strengths, the goal is to find what best fits for everyone in your group, so you work together as a team. If you make a mistake you have your group to give you feedback on what you should work on. Additionally, working in a group can reduce stress because your only focus on one part on what you're working on. We know projects, assignments, etc.can be really stressful, all you have in mind is" I have to finish all this." Working in a group isn't so stressful because everyone has their own role they're working on. Everyone relays on each other to finish their own part, so they can finish faster. In conclusion, working with a group is the best beneficial because you finish your work faster and It's less stressful than working by yourself. You can learn new things by working with others, also it increases your communication skills. You can also help one another by focusing on their weaknesses and giving feedback. Therefore, this is an important experience to have because in the future you'll have to learn to work with one another at any job you apply to. 