The Generation of today they all want success instead of failure, for success to occur we have to fight for it, success does not come by itself every single human have to built, A success live without losing the enthusiasm, but the problem of today, is that people usually likes to give up things. Although, some say that success does not consist of going from failure to failure actually, it does consist of going from failure to failure, one reason is, because we are getting stronger. At some point we fail in something, for my own perspective it is like a new opportunity for us, so we can learn from our mistake. In general all the people at some point can commit an error, but the problem here is not the mistake committed, the problem is that people start losing the willing to learn, and willing to be better. There is not even one perfect human, who does not fail in anything. Another reason is because you can meet your level. It is really important for us to know our capacity. I am sure that our brain is not limited we put limit in our lives we all have the ability to get things done, it doesn't matter the situation or the problem. There always have been solutions for every single situation, for all the people who do not give up. Those who believe, that success does not consist of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm have their reasons. They believe that failure does not give a good outcome to be re joy of;They seem failure like a pain hurting people making them feel awful, and it makes them not to keep trying. They also think that failure make them doubt themselves, and that is not true my argument is not to give up so easily. Furthermore, they have to try until they get it done, and clearly, but nevertheless they regret it. In my point of view, I believe that when failure occur we get stronger. An example of this would be my friend Generic_Name: 20 years old, a white man, black eyes, and black hair. He wanted to go to college, to study electricity, but his finance was slow, so decided to learn it without going to college. I knew right away that he will be challenged to make his way thought, so he starts practicing looking tutorials, how to fix things, how to change a lamp, all that kind of stuff, but my surprise was when the time pass he applies for an electricity company. I said to him! Are you serious ! Don't tell me that you already know electricity. He got a moment of silence... and respond yes, I make my own way he starts explaining me all the difficulties part that he was on. He said that at some point he wanted to just forget that, but something inside him wanted to keep trying. Of course the people were saying no you can't do it funnily, but he did not listen to the people. Moreover, he wanted to keep going. He knew that it was something hard to become an electrician, but not impossible. Today Generic_Name is a perfect electrician. He did not only learn electricity. He also learned how to paint houses. This is a proof that we cannot give things up only because it seems hard. It is not based on your finance. Some people have a low economy, but still there is no wall that can stop the willing to-do something. It only required a personal character and volunteer. What might happen if Generic_Name loss the enthusiasm he probably will be putting less importance on him. I also think that when failure occur frequently, we will know and meet our level our own capacity, like what are we made of. A proof of this can be my sister-in-law. She was on high school senior year. She had some problem in her algebra 2 class at the beginning she did not understood anything. Furthermore, she was in every single class, but the problem was that her grades in algebra were critical, so she talked with her boyfriend Generic_Name which is my brother. Furthermore, she was saying that she did not want to go to her algebra 2 class. Not anymore, because it was too hard she feels less intelligent, and she wanted not to keep trying. My brother respond, I think that you are just starting in the way that you have not try like I would like you to try, if you doubt yourself that is a problem, because I can see a really smart person right in front of me. Believe in yourself and try again after that, she decided to give everything or nothing, so she was studying really hard, asking a lot of questions to the teacher, with that hunger to learn, and be the best in her Algebra class. Even though her classmates were ironic. Her eyes were not on them. In addition, she learned a lot at the beginning she was below of her classmates, more often she was the Hornet in her class with a reward for trying super hard, and get things done on time. Image what might occur if my sister-in-law give up, so easily of course she will fail the class in all quarters and have that tone of loser on her. In conclusion, when failure comes don't let it the opportunity to take over you, because you will be thinking of yourself bad things. If you are having hard times, and you can't see things clear, just ask these question to yourself Do I am doing enough for it or I am just starting?. Every single of us have a big ability there no exceptions. There is people who really know what they want, and fight for it and there is people who easily give things up. We should be this kind of people who does not look for their goals and dream who are sitting down expecting how other people naturally reach to their dreams.