Have you ever want an extra help in a subject or some extra help in finishing your homework correctly? Studies have shown that one way to improve student achievement is to start an after school homework club. I'm going to agree with this idea because it's a helpful club for all the students, and it can make a big different in our grades! I can tell you the purpose and the reasons why did I agree with this idea! In order to be proud and gain many students' achievement, you would like to have some extra help to improve your learning memorize. In my school, I can see there are already students that did a wonderful job, but the president, teachers, would like to have some more to be proud about their school. According to that, after school homework club could be a good way to make it came true. Also, participate in this club can help you understand a learning target more clearly. Why don't you agree and try? Teachers and students volunteer to meet with those who need help either in homework or extra help in certain subjects. Example, an important test that could include stuff from last year or stuff that're hard to understand, an after school homework club can help you out with teachers and students! In an after school homework club, you would feel more comfortable than in class. Because you can talk about many subjects, have fun with your friends, feel free to start a conversation about ideas or topics. It's extremely entrusting. You can also ask for a common study guide for the whole club, and we can all solve together to increase teamwork skills. Then we can help each others on what they get stuck, and we will get their help back! This is another way to improve your learning memorize in an after school homework club. Gaining some achievements, improve your grades, be proud of yourself, after school homework club can help you. It may sound very simple, but it can effect your learning a lot! That's the reasons why I said that I agree with the idea to set up this club. I would like my school to start to establish after school homework club. Would you agree or disagree? Would you participate in this club if your school start to open it?