An enjoyable place where you can go spend time outdoors is going to the beach because you get to do a lot of stuff. For example, you can get to spend time with your family and have fun with them or with your friends. You may be thinking that the beach is somewhere where you can go and come back that same day but what you don't know is that you can go to a hotel and enjoy the hotel and the pool. You can go eat anywhere you want there are a lot of options you can choose from. There are a lot of fun things you can do for example you can go to the haunted house, the carnival, and the art work they have, so you can take pictures with your family or other members. The beach is a place where you can go to relax and get sun tan and go swimming. The reason why you should go to the beach is because you need to have some fun time and not be stress about a lot of things in your life and enjoy the times you have with your family and capture memories with them. One of the most importance part of going is to be able to not be bored at home and do nothing. The beach is a place where you can walk around and see things you haven't seen and also taking pictures of where you have been. You can go to restaurants, or you can bring food of your own. You could be able to meet new people you haven't met before. There are a lot of clubs at the beach you can go there and dance and have some drinks. You could go to the store and buy clothes, hats,sunglasses, and more. The second reason why you should go is that they have good hotels you can stay in, and you would want to pick a hotel that is right next to the beach, so you could see a good view of it. There are these bikes you could ride with your whole family, and you would all be able to piddle on it, or you could bring your own bike or any other stuff you might want to ride. The waves of the beach is cold, but it is worth it because the waves are huge and can push you really hard but that depends on if you could swim. You could also go to the pool that is in the hotel and be there if you don't want to go to the beach. Sometimes, people would want to be at the beach and stay at the hotel for like two weeks or more, but I consider you being there for like about four weeks because you would be eligible to discover new things or see new things. The last reason would be gone when it's 4th of July because when they have fireworks at the beach it looks gorgeous and nice. The beach is a place where people could get married or have a romantic time there, and they enjoy doing that. There are people that do there shows like to get money for doing stuff for living. I would want to actually live at the beach because I don't need to go from where I live to the beach because it's really far away but anyway, at the beach there is a lot of great stuff there and nice people and I know for a fact that you should diffidently consider going and not over thinking it. In conclusion, I recommend you going because you are going to have a lot of fun especially with your friends and family, and you would remember that in your spending time outdoors you had a good time. Don't forget the hotels, the food, and the pool are such amazing part of why you should go to the beach.