So I would be talking about how people should sign up for something at their own school because people should do something they love that's my first reason. Everyone should be doing something it's not like your doing it serious, but sports is hard in my opinion because you have to be perfect at that sport that's my second reason. Not to be on the electronics all day that wouldn't be good at all compare that doing something all the time. But people should do something in their lives because you only live once so do something. That's why agree to this, so people wouldn't all that because if you really love something or sport then you should make dreams come true so your good at it that is all I have to say about people should do something activity at school or sport. Reason number one love something then do it because people should believe what they do also some people don't believe in there self they just knock there self down like believe that your good at it. What if their really good at what they do like people should follow there dreams by being good in that one activity or sport they love. We need really great people to do something don't be doing stuff you really don't like because u don't need to do something it don't make sense. This paragraph was about how to do something you actually want to do and believe what you really love about your school like don't just sit down and relax like do something in your life it's apart from life too. Reason number two everyone should do something in their lives shouldn't be lazy because that wouldn't take you no where when you're all lazy and stuff don't do work or anything. Do sports and activity, so your body could be healthy because a lot of sports will take you somewhere. Probably professional sports that would be really great for you like big time. Be active all the time so you could help your own body it could probably grow like that and that's all I have to say about my second reason. Reason number three is not to be in electronics all day long because it's a distraction to others you need to practice what you're doing in an activity. Be home all day you should really play outside with friends or make plans during the weekend because it would be fun for you and your friends. Won't have much sleep at night because if your just distracted about being on your phone all the time you'll probably be tired in school or even at practice or after school. So you shouldn't be on the phone all day your play outside go to the movies or chores doing something doesn't get you bored all the time. So this paragraph was about you should stay off your electronics all the time not all but sometimes just go outside and play.That's all my reason I hope that a lot of people try something that there good at. People try something new in life because life isn't easy at all but you just got to fight for it and be at anything. We all should try something new it would be amazing for other some people got people to look up. To so look up to someone its good because there probably a great person with a great heart. You should look up to others because other people made a big accomplishment. So that's all I have to say about being a leader not a follower like do something once again u only live once make your life go big.  