An element worker man come for a student who chose a career that he love when he was at young age and study that career for a long time. Children at found age learn more father them when they are getting older. Also, some parents like to ask their children what he or she wants to be in the future for example: doctor, teacher, dentist, police or engineer. At school teachers' tell students' to do a draw about what they are dreaming to be in their future and every students' at young age are have in mind what they will be in the future. It is a good idea for students to commit to career at young age. Students need time to prepare for they career in way to succeed in what they want to be in their future. For example, all career take time to learn about each subject and students might don't have enough credits to past some classes, and they have to take the class again. In addition, some students wants to be doctors' and the career for doctors' take a long time and a lot of money that they need to have in way to be got that career. Such of people have to save money in way to pay for they education for their career, but in some cases the government pays them education for to be a quality student their school. Career takes time and knowledge in way to do elements in what you are planing to be when get older. Students will have the opportunity to learn more than one career, and they will have to choose to decide what career they like most. For example, students have the option to change they career to other career that they find out that they like most. Furthermore, students are young age can have many ways of opportunity to make a good future for their life. Also, student can decide which career give them a good job for to have a better salary. Staring to study career at young age you have the option to learn about more career and get that one that you feel that you are good at. Some people believe that students at young age don't have a good knowledge about what they want to be in the future. For example, they argue that students has to be older to understand how to choose a career and how to be sure what career they want to be in the live. Such of people says that student just like to be what his or her mother, father, uncle, housing or some person that they might admire career is, they might even now anything of those career that they want to be because they don't have much of knowledge about the job. Even though they say that students don't have in mind how really career that them want is not that easy that how they think it's; they say that students are not responsible enough to decide fort her future career at young age. People think students are not old enough to be ready to take a position in their live. In conclusion students decide what career they want for their life. But also starring a career at young age students will have more opportunities to learn thinks that might help them in their future job. Deciding for what you want at a long time help students to do things better because you have more time to fix you mistakes in your career. A good person with a good job and with a great future in font is the one who stared working for what they want at young age. High school will encourage students career at early age.  