Have you every wonder why people graduate so young age is because they smarter than class meet? Although some might agreeing that graduate in three is bad ideas actually graduate three is good ideas because be more mature for real world, and you are able to take full responsible for their own. First reason is graduate three is good idea because be more mature for real world. Many people today they do know how real world work. For example, many teenage does not know how real world work; teen drink and drive involve themselves in accident they hurt themselves and other people without think about their action because their parent bail them out of problem, so they don't care if hurt someone are not. All they know some has taken care them. This shows that if teenage graduate three year they will be more mature for real world and they learning their lesson what to do and not what to do. Another example, is parented take teenage their full reasonable like pay for car insurance if brake the law parents stand for them say my child is innocent because parents defends for them if you do some wrong convinces themselves they do right thing so be too late for them, they think that way real world work they wouldn't able to learned from their mistake. This show that teenage graduate three year help them to know their surrounding know full action they take full responsible own act. Second reason is good ideas teenage graduate because it fulls responsible of their own they will pay house rent and bills, light bill for example, my mom pay for phone bill so real they care where money come all know is pay for bill. This shows teen will be more responsible if pay the own bill be care bill not to go up. Another example I use too much light and water so when water and light bill come will go up ; my mom is only one that has pay bill. This shows that if teenage doesn't how much they use water and light bill because their take care of those things for them. Other some side might argument that graduate in three is bad ideas because you miss out life you don't know to have fun you will be stress out you know what make you happy. Other example is on enjoy the moment you have as teenage. At the end graduate three is good ideas because be more mature for real world, and you are able to take full responsible for their own you will know what life lay out you out their. 