I agree that a good attitude is the key to be success in life. Have a good attitude also help to be a better person. Also, for been success in life a person need to have a good attitude but also need to do the best on what is doing. A person need to have a good attitude for show that is a good person a good worker. Having a good attitude is the key of been success in life because: new opportunity, help to né flexible, and help to face problems. A good attitude is the key of been success in life because you can take new opportunity. Have a good attitude help to see the new opportunity that are out there. An example from my experience is: When I came to United States four years ago I was scared to start a new life in a new country. I was afraid to go to school because I did not English. With the time I think, and I said to my self that learned a new language will give me new opportunity in me life and will help to be success. Have a positive attitude is the key of been success in life because help to be flexible. Been flexible is how a person can put then self in a new situation a do well. An example is: One of my friend tell me one time that she argue with a costumer at his job. She is a cashier at a restaurant in the mall it was her first job. She said that the customer get mad and start screaming at her because they did not put something in his food she said that she start screaming at him too. But them she said that she realize that she should not be argued with the costumer. She said that she change her attitude a stop screaming at the costumer, and she said that the customer calm down after she changes her attitude. Another good thing of haven a good attitude is that help to face problems. Sometime face problem with a positive attitude help to see solution. There are problems that we think does not have a solution, but there is always a solution just need to be positive a figure out the best way to solve the problem. An example is: In my first year of school in United States I took PE2. That class was really difficult for me because me English was not good. But I face that problem be trying my best and asking me teacher or friend for something that I did not know. Have a good attitude with me friend and teacher and work hart help me to pass that class. A positive attitude is the best way to be success in life because give new opportunity, help to be flexible. Help to face the problems. For been success in life is not just work hart all the time is about to have a good attitude too. A good attitude help in work in life and everything a person do. A person need to have a good attitude in their life.