Is it a good idea for student to finish high school in three years? Well I think that if student take three years to high school is that they know what they want to do in their life. This student either want to go to college early, go the work force, or start something from their passion. I am going to talk about three things of what I think about this prompt. Those things are students knowing they want to do in their lives, student not knowing what to do in their lives, or student just want to be done with school. Student that take a three-year-high school plan, know what to do after those three years are up. They are determined to finish high school, so they can finally start learning something that they have wanted to do. In those three years student are willing to finish any assignments on time and will at least get A's on their grades. They use their time wisely and always focus something to get it done. Once those are out of their way they are ready for the next step in their life. Most students take a four-year-high school because they want to take time of what they want to do in their lives. The reason is, is that students just do not know what they want to do. Students just do not know what interest them, so they have a hard time of their whole life. Some students just know what they want to do, but do not want to take a three-year-high school because it can be too stressful for them. Most student will finish high school and can continue to college wandering what to do. If a student either take a three or a four-year-high school maybe just want to be done with school in general. Those students may just think that college maybe just not worth the time, some just don't have the money to pursuing college. This student may just know what to do and know that college is just not needed for that and is just a waste of time. They could have the resources already to pursuit the things that they want to do, and so they are prepared for what is coming. To put it all together, make sure choose what is best for you wither it is a three-year-high school plan, or a four-year-high school plan. In those years student have got to prepare for themselves if they are taking a three year there is going to be a lot of work being done, so they can graduate early. For the students who are taking four years for high school got to use their time wisely and think about what they want to do during those years. I feel like what is the best option is four years of high school because i don't want to do a lot of work in three years. So that is what I think about this prompt, four years of high school is good enough for me.