Imagine that you got a project in your college and in that project you have to interact with different people, and you have to write about their lives, but now you will be thinking that it is really difficult project to do because in all those previous years of high school all you did was to avoid people. Some people believe that technology saves your time as you can buy or sell things online. However, so much use of technology effect your eyes and brain negatively. Therefore, usage of technology should be made less and people should interact with each other more, because the more friends you will have the less you will go in the depression. Use of technology have a lot of negative effects on people's lives. Too much use of technology weakens your communication skills with other people. Recently it has been said that there are some kinds of radiations on your phone and other electronics which affects your brain and body negatively. Too much use of phones, laptops and television can weak your eyesight making it difficult for you to see. Some people say that technology can be used for different kind of resources. On the other hand, it can also lead you towards the cyber crime which is awful for you, because if you are caught once doing that crime the rest of your life you will be in jail.Nowadays, if you will go outside, in many places you will see that there will be friends or family sitting on the same table but no one is talking with each other, everyone is on their devices. There are many people in today's world who do suicide or are in depression just because they think they have no one to whom they can talk and can share their problems. For example, if there is someone is trying to talk to you and is trying to be your friend, but you are busy in using your phone and the next day you came to know that the person who was trying to talk with you yesterday did suicide today because that person thought that he had no one to whom he can talk. So you will blame yourself, and you will regret at that time for not talking with that person. Hence, people should interact with each other more and more, and they should try to know about each other life instead of using their devices all the time. People should spend more time with their families because not everything is found on Google, there are something's which you learn by spending time with your family and your family will be the only one who will be with you every time, in your good and bad days, but your devices will not be with you, and also they will not support you at that time.  