Has the limitation of human contact due to the use of technology had positive or negative effects on people's lives? My opinion is negative for people's lives. Because we can do nothing without technology. If we are in the house, we didn't do any communicate with family. We will get sick. I believe technology is bad for our life. And technology will hurt many people.First, Technology had negative effects on people's lives. Because we can do nothing without technology. Since, I was in Generic_City, I forgot my phone to bring outside. And I was doing nothing that day. I thought I have to focus my life without technology. We can do many things without technology. For example, we can go shopping with friends, we can play board game with people, and we can do talking each others. I believe technology making me more dumb. Also, technology will be my life controller. Second reason is if we are in the house, we didn't do any communicate with family. When I was in my house our family did not talk, and they are doing their own work. I was so sad about this. My mom just watch TV, my dad did a slept, and my sister did play the phone game. At that time I want a talk to my family, but they are very busy. I miss my time to talk about my school life with my family. Also, we did not know about each family members favorite and what you don't like. So When my birthday party, my family members don't know what I want to get. Want a say," You have to do communicate with your family as much as you can." It will be help your whole life. Last is we will get sick. For example, your eyes get hurt. Because if you watch video a lot, you will get blind. So you can not see anymore. Your health is very important in your life. Too much technology will dangerous in your life. I love game, but I delete my all games because when I was young, I started the game, but I get sick more and more. I thought "If I am doing game more I will be died." So I was deleted all my games. Also, You will be overweight. Because you're not moving, and you ate a lot, you will be fat. I worry about that. Don't kill yourself. In conclusion, technology allows people to complete many tasks without having contact with others. But my opinion is this will be negative for people's lives. Because we can do nothing without technology. If we are in the house, we didn't do any communicate with family. We will get sick. I think you can do technology. But not that much. Please plan your time and use it. It will be help you. This century is technology century. But use it safe. I believe you can do it. I will try too. 