Many students become involved in extracurricular activities enrich their educational experiences, and some even become involved in so many activities that they have little time to or complete homework assignments. In my opinion it would be better if the school has controls in the students' involvement in extracurricular activities. Therefore, school offer the capacity that students have to develop their potential. Secondly, school count by with the necessary tools that students needed. Thirdly, school helped the students a level physical with the sports. If the school simplify by pushing the controls and the extracurricular activities for the students, there are more productive at school and teaching-learning process undoubtedly be win-win for all the participants involved in these activities. The first reason that support the school has a control in the students' involvement in extracurricular activities, does school offer the capacity that students have to develop their potential some students to take advantage of the opportunities, while that some students their classes seems boring. For example, I don't have any idea that the biology class was an interesting class, because I was observing the animals, plants, bacteria, and human body, biology is a wonderful class in this class I learn the importance that have the activities in the school. Therefore, everything was I learn because the schools offer to me the capacity to develop me potential. The second reason the school has a control in the students' involvement in extracurricular activities. If school count with the necessary tools that students needed, research has shown that teenagers experience with the school has a control with the students. For example, the school count with the books, computers, and different classes, and with everything that a student needed to their life, this statement helped to students go to different schools. Some instruments have the ability to change the students attitude and impact everyone and should be strongly considered. The last reason to support the school has a control in the students' involvement in extracurricular activities, is school helped the students a level physical with the sports. Some schools helped the students to have the best level the sports and to make the dreams to paying. For example, my youngest brother playing in soccer team this is good for him, and he tells me everything in the team is wonderful and is an inspiration for him because he has a most wonderfully experiences in the sports. Students can be more productive at school and in their activities, because the schools bring the opportunity to practice some sport. I truly believer that having the school has a control in the students' involvement in extracurricular activities can be more would better is the right step towards a more convenient and enjoyable educational experience, and considered that schools offered the potential that students have to developed their potential, by and large school count with the necessary instruments that students needed, lastly school helped the students a level physical with the sports, I hope my voice get heard to the schools and their make this issues, schools can be more productive if there has the control with the students.