it's always good to ask people how it feels or how it went to an object they had or have. It's better to learn from experience from people so you don't have to do things they did and ended up bad. For example if you want to buy a car and your friend has one, and you ask him how it rides and if it runs smooth. If he doesn't like it how it runs he'll tell you so he won't do the mistake he did. Always ask someone that had the things you want and ask them how it is so you don't mess up. Always ask for advise from people with experience because they know what their talking about. Always take the advice from people that you know and that would want you to do good people that already been in the problem. Always trust the person that's telling you the truth about something and telling you how stuff works. People with experience will tell you everything how it went because it was probably the worst feelings ever. Some people that been in a bad problem tell the other person the problem so they won't do it so it won't hurt anyone else. It's good to learn from others because it gives you a chance to really think about what you shouldn't do. Take advantage of what the people tell you what to do and what not to do because they want the best for you, and they'll try their best to help you out. Listen closely to what they tell you because they have been thrown the thing you're going threw right now. People that tell you think or advise and there older than you always listen to what they want to say because it's important because they have been alive longer and they have been thrown it. Doesn't matter if it's a stranger always listen because it's important probably not at the moment in the future it will be so alwaytake there advise no matter what. It's good to learn from others, so you can see what happen so it won't happen to you. Any little nice of advise will be handy in your future so always take it and when you're in a problem always member about it what they told you and what was going to happen if you ever did it 