Is Emerson right about the statement he wrote? Emerson's statement stated that "unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow." I agree with this statement because it lets you know that anyone can push for a higher accomplishment in their own life. As well, reading the passage gets people thinking on their goals, if they should push to reach for higher limits. I'll tell you why Emerson's statement is right. As a start, many people are inspired by Emerson's statement and its made them believe more in themselves. Having a powerful statement can really open other peoples eyes to strive for high goals. As well, push boundaries that they never thought they had. People with start to have faith knowing they can rise above their own expectations. For example, many people give up and stop trying to reach their goals. Then they have no idea on what they want to do or what they can manage to do. In fact, people who past beyond their own boundaries have a successful lifestyle. They start to know what they can handle and how to fully succeed, It makes them feel like they can complete any type of task that they're given. People start to feel better on themselves knowing what they can do. Some people say it's a weight lifting feeling they get once they find out what they were missing out on. For example, people end up over thinking things and made it harder on them self for not achieving the goals. As a matter of fact, People end up gaining more experience on what they do. They also start to want to take on new challenges, so they can have more experience. They want to be filled with many ways to have a strong mind and successful lifestyle. People who have gained so much experience can get any type of work within seconds because of their experience, nothing has ever stop someone from believing they can do more. For example, people with the most experience struggle less for work. In conclusion, Emerson's statement shows a strong component in peoples lives. Making it one of the most inspirational quotes that has ever existed. People start to end up valuing in themselves more than they ever thought they could. People who can't do things that are beyond their own ability hasn't grown yet. Many of the people are too scared to reach for higher expectations when they have the ability to take it. Overall it befits the people more when they end up gaining more work experience.