There is a debate about if do we accomplish more if we are always doing something or does inactivity also serve a purpose. Some people think that is not necessary be always doing something. They feel that they need to have some extra time to be with their family and be a person that always is doing something will take away that time. In my opinion is more satisfactory be always doing something because the more you are busy doing good things or thinking and what you can do is a help to not get involve in horrible things or and drugs, you will have the opportunity to be able to give all your family need and deserve, and also you will have the satisfaction of be a good example for your kids and a support to the society. The people that is involved in drugs, the people that get out to the streets to steal to can survive those people easily give up and did not try to find another way to get ahead, that people who make drugs, to sell drugs or the ones that consume drugs that people are living a dangerous life they are always hidden for the police or hidden because bad people are looking for them. They probably did not have another option or just they did not effort on doing something and all that thoughts became to do what they thought was easy. Being a person that is active and always is making new things that person can be certain that they family will have everything. That person know that their kids will have the opportunity to go to school and get an excellent education. That person know that in the house will never be short of food, clothe and health. All that and more you and your family will have if you make the right choices and keep always doing new things or always be doing things and keep busy. Now in our society good and hardworking people is almost are scarcity because now some people the work in some countries the people does not want to work they prefer be in their home doing nothing. But the people who are working those people are making the change for this society that people will become an example for all the kids, but they will be a support a big support for the community. There are some reasons why I think that the people that is always doing something accomplish more that the people that does not do anything. Is a complete satisfaction to know that all the have is because to worked for it, and you work hard and like Thomas Jefferson said the determination never be ended is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing something. We can make a lot of things, but we just have to have dedication and love what you do. 