Today, at school, most people are required by teachers to work with a group in order to prepare them to work in society and be able to communicate with their future colleague. I believe that there are more benefits for students to work with others rather than working by their own because they can share their ideas together and don't work alone allow them to be faster. First, by working with a group students can share their ideas and discuss on the work they have to do. By sharing their ideas, their work will be stronger and longer because every person of the group bring his own point of view, his own examples or experiences and their own way to work, to proceed. While working alone can be difficult when the student has no ideas or is lost and don't know how to do his work, so in a group they can help each others to understand and push them to work For example, if in a group a person have more facilities on the topic than others, she can help others who have more difficulties to work. Working by groups allow students to grow and enrich their skills to be better because they learn from each others. Working with a group help them to be prepared for working by their own. Secondly, working with other students can be more efficient. Students, by sharing ideas, are working faster because they don't have to find all by them self and do all the work. They can share tasks, so one person have one job rather than do everything alone, so it's more efficient and beneficent for all the group but also for the teacher because the work will be done faster, so the class can move on and do more things during the year and if they help each other they probably don't need help from teachers, so teachers can be focus on students with real difficulties. Working with a group can prepare them for their future jobs, so they can be able to communicate to other people and learn how to work not only for them self but also for everyone, and they learn to help each other, so they will be more productive in the future. For example, if in the future, they will work in a society where they need to work together on a project with many people and their boss don't want them to work by their own, they already learn how to be efficient in a community, so it won't be a problem for them. They will be already used to work with a group, and they will know how to proceed. Some people can think that working by groups can do the opposite and prevent students to work by talking, laughing, having fun with their friends, which can be distracting them or if a person in the group don't want to work it can impact other's work, so it's unfair for people who really want to work and are motivated to have a good grades. However, students can keep working at home if they are late on their work, they can communicate by phone, or they can meet during the weekend or after school, so the work can be done in time or teachers can make the groups in order to prevent distractions. Also, if a person don't want to work and impact other's work, the person will be graded lower which can motive her to work or if it's not the case, students from the group can help her and to be motivated and push her to work by giving her little tasks to do or easy tasks. In conclusion, I think that working with a group bring more benefits for students rather than working alone because they can share their ideas, their way to proceed and work faster by helping each others. If teachers want their students to be more efficient and enrich them self for their future, it's important that they do more activities and work in groups. 