School districts should not offer programs that allow high school students to graduated in three years instead of the traditional four years because elective courses are important as well as academic courses, the summer courses are expensive and parents should let the children enjoy the summer. Elective courses are important besides the academic courses. A student should collect the other knowledge also. Only academic courses are not going to help him/her to be a good human being. After all, he/she has some hobbies in his/her life like cooking, painting, designs, dancing, singing. Think, a student is only studying because he/she wants to graduate earlier than the traditional four years. What will happen next? At the point he/she will be tired of life which is absolutely unfair. Maybe she/he has a very good artist. How can he/she expose? The answer is through electives. No matter what a person works with, if he/she doesn't like to do that work, it never last longer. So, elective is a way to make student happy and cheerful. When the academics make them tired, electives help them to get out from there. Summer courses are expensive in some schools. Sometimes middle class family can't afford the courses fees. For this, the rich kids take the courses only. The poor kids stay behind. The poor kids can't afford the courses just because of money. Maybe they are more talented than the rich kids. They also should get that opportunity. Isn't it unfair for the poor students? Yes, it is. So, they shouldn't continue with this three years method. We should treat all the students equally. Students should enjoy the whole summer by doing outside activities. Students usually have school 9am to 5pm. They spend their whole time in the school. How can they make themselves involve with outside world? Normally they can't in the regular school days. For this, governments make this rule to free the students in the summer so that they can enjoy outside activities. If they think about the summer courses, it's not possible to enjoy their summer, honestly. A student leads a robotic life in usual school days. For mental health a person needs some free time or vacation. It's absolutely not possible for a person to lead a regular life every day. Entertainment is important. A routine life, 9am to 5pm then returns to home, again homework. Life can not run like this. I understand that all parents want their child to be smarter than others. But it doesn't mean that they just have only one way to prove themselves by taking the summer course and entering college earlier. They can be a good artist or journalist. The parents should think about the children also. Not only about their academic ability. There is a record in the United States that students attempt suicide because of study pressure. Doesn't it shame for a country? A student is attempting suicide. Why?because he/she can't handle the pressure. Without life, what will you do with the education? Mental peace is important. So, for mental health a student has to enjoy the summer. We have only one life to enjoy. Let's not waste it by thinking about academic career only. We have many things to do as well as academic. Just need to keep patience and walk with the flow. Life is beautiful.  