It has been said that a positive attitude is the key to succeed in life. I strongly agree with this statement. Having a positive attitude, will make you be more successful in life. By having a good attitude can make a big difference. Always have faith in yourself. For example, if you have a test, and you have a negative thought about something, don't automatically think you're going to fail, look over your test and check for any mistakes you might have made. Then when you are done checking over the test and feel better about it, then you should tell yourself you are going to pass it. Having a positive attitude can change your life completely. It is always important to have faith in yourself. You got this! The next thing is when you are out in public, it is always important to give a good and happy attitude to the people you see. Even if you don't know them, it can make anyone's days. It can make you a better person just by smiling at a person. You never know if that person is having a bad day and just by giving them a smile and a few words, it can make their day better. Another thing is if you are a teacher or parents, and you're having a rough day due to a personal or medical problem, still try to give the kids a possible attitude. They look up to you and care about you. They don't deserve to be yelled at over the smallest things that wasn't even their fault. Having a negative attitude towards the students or your children is not a good thing. You might hurt their feelings or even worst think that they are not good enough for you. You are not being very successful if you keep on yelling at innocent children or even your own kids. In conclusion, Having a possible attitude is the key to success in life because it can make you a better person and give you a lot of self-confidence. So If you ever feel unsure about something, look over and think what feels right to you. Also, if you see a strangers, kids, etc., smile. It can make anyone's day just by seeing that one smile. So just a little reminder to never bring out your anger out on anyone ever!