I think schools shouldn't add one and a half hours more to schools because kids need time to rest there brains, have enough time to make it on time to there after school activities, and students need more time to finish up their homework and studying. First, kids need time to rest there brains by going outside, and watching on the TV for a little. If schools add more time, then students will not have any time to have fun which causes them to not have much time to sleep, less time to sleep effects their school day. An example of that is if I had extra time to my school then I would have had no time to play, take a nap, or watch YouTube. That causes me to not have enough sleep time. This type of rule is not healthy for the students. Second, kids need time to make it to there after school activities. After school activities are usually straight after school, but if students add more time to school then kids will not make it to his or her after school activity. An example is if a student had to go to football practice every day at 4:00, then students would not make it if school ended at 4:15. Without physical education and only just education by sitting in a chair just writing and reading is not healthy for your body. That's why students need more time for there after school activities. This is also bad because it effects your sleep time also which makes you tired for school the next day. Last, students will not have enough time to finish up there homework from all the time from school and other stuff they have to do at home. For an example is if there was a test the next day, and I haven't studied, so I had to study, I wouldn't have had enough time to study because the extra time in school or if I had to do an after school activity. This is not good for students to add time to school, so they do not have enough time to study or finish homework because they will not get a good grade on the test or quiz and especially get a bad grade in the class. Back to the thesis, they should not add an hour and a half of school because it will affect our brain, body, and grades. It will affect it by being late or not showing up to his or her after school activity, less time for the kids brain to rest, and not having time to finish homework or to study. Why would people want to add time to school?