Well most students enjoy summer vacation because was one of the most beautiful stations in the year for one all students, they enjoy with the families, friends that things in the summer, though some teachers say the summer break is too long and that students do not retain information as easily when they return in the fall. I think that summer is one of the most special station or period because you share more with your Family, Friends, and all students have merit to share more with the most important persons in their lives because a lot of our parents working 10 to 12 hours of Monday to Saturday in sometimes Sunday too, and they don't have a lot of time to share with my families. In my case, I love when it's summer vacation because I have a lot and good experiences with my Family, with God when left to the house our going to different places, I feel that is these period is when I share more with my mom, She is the most important person in my life, she is who are always with me in the good and bad things, she is who give me advice every day about the good and bad things to not make that things that I don't need to do and don't pass for a lot of things that she pass when she was young, I love these time of summer because is when I pass more time with my mom, and she helps me to be better every day in my School, Work, Church and everywhere that going. The mother is one of the most important person what I have in my life because she is who always are in there for me and help to always be good person, good in my school and a lot of more things. And I have beautiful experiences with God and This is that I love more is to pass my time with God because I learn more about things important and that help my life. I think the 2 months that all students have to summer is a good time because are pass like 9 months in school and This is too much because sometimes you want to make something, but school is too difficult and that people can't to share with special people. Well when the educators or teachers say that summer vacation is too long because student do not retain the information is not true because the students retain this information about Works, Projects, Homework, Classwork the information is in our Brain, Mind, are that things important and basic. I don't agree that person argues should be year-round and that only have 3-4 weak breaks in the summer is like only one month, and you can't enjoy and make your summer funny with you parents because you are thinking in school, I don't be agreed with these the summer is when you can pass more time with your important person because there is the period when they have the vacation to, I think the summer is for enjoy and pass a funny time with your Mom, Father, Brothers, Sisters, and all your Family. I say that is good to have 2 months and like 2 weeks of vacation because you clearing you Mind, you don't thing in a lot of Homework or Works of School. Furthermore, I have one experience in my life when I was in Generic_City that only thing that I have in my Mind was Homework, Projects, Presentations in my School, Programs of my School and one day my family say I want to go to share with all, and I say I can't go because I have a lot of work to do, and I need to finished, and my uncle say Generic_Name is time to share with your family, is time to you clearing your mind about school and I say another time I need to finish my works about school and all my family going to share, and I stay in my house working in all my projects of school and I sit in my room, I was thinking you lost beautiful time with my family for to make my works, and I say is time to you share more with your family because your family in every moment stay there. Everything the specific moment when you have time with share with your family, friends share because you don't in what moment you can lose your Mom, Father, Brothers, Uncle, Sisters, Aunt, Cousins, etc., when is time to school make all your works in time. Don't take you Education like obligation, taken like one of the opportunity to be better. In some moments you have difficult time, but you need to continue, to be stronger, the education is where you learn more about the all things Human, Animals, Solar System, H2o and a lot of things important what help you life in the future you learn things what in your future you can put in practice, you can teach another person that need to know more. For everything have time, your Family, Works, Friends, School all these things depends on you, for these reason I think When is time to school is school, When is time to your family is family. So you need to think and put your agenda in order to you make the important things in order so right now I change a lot of things in my life and these it is the Monday to Friday to be concentrate in my Education, Saturday to Sunday in God and my family, when it's time to pass with my family I pass time with my family, and now I share more. And for these reason I think the summer vacation is important because a lot of students don't have their parents in here maybe live 8 hours, 10 hours in when it's vacation they're going to pass time with their Parents. You need to be had the order in your life you need to make time for everything. The Education is important because is where you learn things important but most important for me is my family because they can one day now be in here in the Earth because they dead. And I think when its summer vacation the Educators or teacher enjoy to their vacation and pass good time with their family and when it's time to come back to school review something's because not everything forget something's are in the brain that only need to do is to review. Then the summer vacation are so good 2 months and 2-3 weeks to you enjoy with all the persons important and special to you, so enjoy and pass a funny summer vacation. So enjoy, teachers don't thing the summer is too long because is a shorter period that one student have for vacation, teacher enjoy vacation!!.