Success is the most important thing in this world. British Prime Minister Winston Churchill said "success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. I agree with him Because failure played an important role to be a success. Success is when people do hard work to get what they want to get from their lives. Most people want their success in school and to a dream job. Graduating from school is the big achievement because for some people It's hard to pass sol's or exam. They study hard to pass that class, so they can graduate from school. Like if someone came from another country and that person does not know how to speak English. That person might fail all the classes like English, history, and science. That person will try their best, but they might not get on the first time, and they will keep try until they get what they want. If some student fail there test from that failure that student know how they can fix in the next test or how they can be better than the last test. They can be more prepared.A lot of people find a job which they like to do, but some people do not get their dream jobs. And some people never give up. One person who want to be a dancer, but his dad does not support him. He never gives up to convince his father but still his father does not listen to him. He leaves his house to be dancer but after leaving the house he has nothing, he doesn't even have money to pay for his school, but still he never gives up. Furthermore, he started his know dance workshop where he gets money, so he can pay for his school. Now he is the one of the best dance choreographer in India Demo Soda. When people went for job interview some people get the job on the first time. But some people have to work hard until they got the job too. They work on how they can be better next time, so they can get the job. In conclusion, success is the thing which everyone wants, but they are not going to get it give they did not work hard. To become a successful people have to learn from their mistakes. Failure is the key of success because if people are not going to fail they can't be better next time. In this world people who are successful in their lives right now they also have failures in their live too. To become Successful people have to learn from their failure.