We accomplish more when we are always doing something not when we are being inactive. There are many people out there who are most of the time throughout their day are being idle and never doing anything, they're always sitting around and won't do what's the best for them by trying to at least accomplish something in there daily life. Although some say being idle does not serve a purpose, actually being idle does serve a purpose, rather you should go out and accomplish something better for yourself. You might say being idle is not the good for you, but being inactive can sometimes be the best for you. Thomas Jefferson said that "Determine never to be idle." Thomas Jefferson doesn't realize that the reason being idle can sometimes be good is that you might not notice this, but in your daily life you can be doing too much for yourself to the point where you won't even realize how much you have accomplished. Once in a while you should think to yourself what you have done and accomplished during the week or day, it makes you think that you may need to be idle and put some time away from things that you be usually doing. What myself believes in is that you aren't always going to be doing so much for yourself in your daily life on what you want to accomplish in. Sometimes you need to put it all away for a short amount of time and give yourself a break and just be idle for once not for such a long period of time, but make time to do your own things. One thing that is true about being idle is that it serves a purpose for being inactive, but the reason why that is good because you can always go accomplish it another time, and you can come up with thoughts or ideas, for later on when you want to accomplish it. However, in my thoughts always being idle isn't good for you because you may have time to be idle, but you don't have all the time in the world to be idle. It would then just keep you away from doing things that you want to accomplish on, Which will then make your mind not want you to do things in anymore. In my perspective what myself believes in is that being idle for to long is such an impact on your life because when you take your time away from the things that you are usually always doing and have a daily schedule for it makes you forget what you had going on and what you were trying to accomplish in. Thomas Jefferson said that "it is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing." Which is true because you can get so much done if you are always doing, and it is wonderful like Thomas Jefferson said. You're doing a lot of work and accomplishing it all by succeeding in the things that you need to get done, and it's an amazing thing to do because you rather do it now then doing it at another time and put so much stress to yourself. In my opinion, accomplishing it at the right time is better than accomplishing it at a different time. To explain what my opinion said is, do it at the right time when you have the chance to do it rather than doing it at a different moment of the day. It will make things much better for you because it's better to get things over with now. You wouldn't want to worry about it later on it would then just make things much more of a problem. Additionally, in my thoughts being idle keeps you away from doing the things you want to get done, it makes an impact on yourself on what you're trying to get done, and it can distract you from your work. Something that is true is when you are being idle, it keeps your focus on staying at the moment that are in which is doing nothing. An example of being idle is staying in bed all day on your phone. Why would somebody want to be doing that when you can be out accomplishing your goal and succeeding on what you want to become in life. Thomas Jefferson also stated that "Determine never to be idle" if you were to never be idle you can accomplish so much and keep on doing what you always do. People shouldn't let themselves get distracted by being inactive, they should take an advantage of all that and think rather than being idle they can be out accomplishing there goal and reaching for somewhere better. In my opinion, people should do more to get to where they want to be in their life because if people are doing that then you're definitely accomplishing something better for yourself. In conclusion, although some says idle does serve a purpose and should be accomplishing their goal rather than being idle. In my conclusion people shouldn't be idle because it will easily distract them from doing better things and accomplishing their goal, and it wouldn't be great for everyone. Once in a while people would get inactive way too much and just forget about what they have to do or accomplish in. Many believe being idle is good for you, but it can lead to a bad habit of you always being inactive and no want to achieve in your goal. In my statement idle does serve a major purpose in peoples daily life and can just keep them away from doing what they do. Some say people should accomplish more on always doing something and shouldn't get inactive.