Positive attitude is the key to success. I agree because you can do anything as long as you put your mind and soul into it and motivation you can accomplish it. Then so by doing it you feel good about yourself you'll feel unstable. But do what brings the best in you, what makes you yourself. One way that importance of attitude is key to success is it motivates you to keep going forward. For example when you come across some difficulties you won't feel discouraged because you the limit and none other than you can or will change it. But the more discouraged you tend to feel at that moment you would want to overcome it even if it makes whatever just as long as your mind is set to positive attitude you will accomplish it. Then so always remember what you put your mind to such as determination, positive attitude, willing you can its possible you will reach your goals. However, you will with a positive mindset have a strong determination, and you will build up self-confidence in yourself. Then another reason is to grow individually with hard work. Positive attitude isn't quite the easiest for some people it's really difficult for others to learn how to or even if they are willing to. But others tend to not always have positive attitude in anything they're just negative and haven't tried to give their all they are stuck upon what others think. Then about what really is, you just have to not listen to what anyone thinks and focus on what you can accomplish because if you don't you will let them reflect on you but you don't want that for yourself. Then there's always going to be that one negative person to try to bring you down its up to you if you let it effect you. Just ignore them if you don't you will bet it affect you and you don't wanna fall back just because of others. With that being said in order to move forward you have to go through things individually but that's were you find yourself again and makes you stronger than before what your weaknesses were there not anymore because when facing things individually you blossom to a beautiful flower with of course hard work and it isn't in vane because hard work ends up having a good result for positive attitude. Next reason is to build self-confidence. When having a positive mindset and most impotently willing we then build self-confidence our mind is a battlefield, and we control it and It's not about the self-confidence its more about determination ourselves to it like we can, or we will do it. After that it's all depending on us weather we want to or not. Then after that the more we practice being positive in our battle film the more self-confidence we will have. So then I hardly agree on positive attitude can guide you to succeed in life it's all about three things determination willing and believing with those in mind you can tell all the negative thoughts to go flying out the window because it has no door to let it in anymore. I truly indulge you to try it out if you want to see a big improvement to succeed in your life. Thank you for hearing me weather I agreed or disagreed, looking to hear back from you soon.