Imagine if online schooling was offered at every school. Schools are offering online classes for students to attend class. Also schools offer video conferencing online to help benefit at home. This is important because some students are not responsible to get to school on time. Students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home, because health issues play a major role throughout the school year, students can become smarter by taking time to learn the content, students would not have to stress over transportation. Certainly some might think staying in the house all day causes boredom to do school work. Others believe students tend to need help from an adult to understand that content. Still others argue by feeling alone will not motivate them to be productive. To begin with, health issues play a major role throughout the school year on students. Students always tend to come to school while they are sick. So that speed germs throughout the school and causes major illness. Spreading germs can have someone hospitalized and in bad condition. Which can make students have bad attendance. Also, parents would lose jobs to attend to their sick child. However, staying home and still be able to do your school work causes less stress. Because it gives student more time to be able to complete their assignments. Another reason way online classes will help out students that are in wheelchairs, crutches, and broken legs. Are they don't have to be rushed, pushed, in the crowded halls? Therefore, they feel more safe and have enough space at home. Parents will be able to supervise their child more. A not be worried that something else might happen. Health issues should be a cause of not being able to not attend school if you are able to do it from home. Secondly students become smarter doing the research on their own to retain the information. Every student have a different way to learn. Some students need day's to understand the content. A some can understand the content off the first try. Also, some student need to see it hands on then be supervised as they complete the task. Witch is also not a bad way to retain information. If help is needed the video conferencing will help out in the long run. Being able to home relax and still manage to completed your school work motivates the student to remain on task. Another reason why is grades will have a major increase and students would maintain a higher grade point average. The best part of the video conferencing is the student will be able to replay it if needed. Instead of hearing it once in class from a teacher then forgetting the information the next time you have that subject. Apart from life that is important to have is knowledge, so being able to teach and perfect your weakness are important. Lastly transportation is a major problem for students. Some students have to walk, get dropped off, or take the bus to get to school on time. Most students are not responsible to wake up on time to catch the bus. The students that walk are stressed, because they have to walk while its raining, hot, ride their bike, cold, and dark. In conditions like that are not safe for students to go through is something happened to them. Most of the time parents have to work and be worried that their child get to school safe. Having the privilege to be home and do work will prevent fights, childish students, and anger teachers. So everyone would have peace and respect for one another and learn more. There will be no disagreement and applications with students and teachers. After school students will not have to rely on transpiration, because they are already home. Less stress can be taken off of adults that are nor responsible for you. Having to find transportation to your destination is worth money and not everyone is forces to loan out money all the time. Students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home, because health issues play a major role throughout the school year, students can become smarter by taking time to learn the content, and students would not have to stress over transportation. If students was able to stay home and do school work it would be less confusion in school. Keep calm and remain focus even if times get hard on your shoulders.  