My dad always said, Pass your class or no fun in life. First thing I would like to accomplish in life is passing school. If you think school is not an important aspect of you if you would be a fool, all the well known people you know have gone thought school. I will try to take more years of school after I'm done, then I would like to learn more about the history of Africa and Asia even more. I think that learning about the future is something I would have never thought I would do in times to come but here we are, they talk about it all the time but never do it, so I would like to change that reality. Therefore, that is one thing I would like to accomplish in the future. Have you ever heard Never knock it till you try it, that's what I will be talking about? There are a lot of things I have never done in my life, one of them is playing music, I always listen to music like rap or pop. I have always wanted to do the guitar but I was too scared to do it. Now I take lessons for it, I'm trying to play it in other places. I have also wanted to rap I have it in me, I just have to try and get my vocabulary up, so I can say more in my music. I will start to take trying new thing serious.Fact-checkers say that people who always play sports will live longer. What I will try to accomplish is playing every sport. I already play soccer, so I try to play more variety of sports. I have stared to play basketball more, I think right now playing basketball is more fun than soccer. Furthermore, I have played baseball and its fun, but it is not for me, but as I said this is what I'm going to try in the future. The limits of your language are the limits of the world, once said by Ludwig Wittgenstein. In the future will like to learn more about peoples language and where they come from. We used to travel a lot but now coronavirus has it the whole world and people are scared to go anywhere, but nothing can stop us if we have God in our life. Now it has kind of cleared up we can travel and see how people live in second world places help them learn from them and use it in our lives. It does not hurt to learn and accomplish new thing in life. Last thing I have to say is I am still trying to accomplish always having fun and being happy. Many people out there are no happy or have fun, Doctors say be happy is the best medication and the worst disease is sadness. One thing of staying happy is being healthy, health is an important aspect of life it tells if you stay or die. People who take their life are those who don't talk to people, those who are sad all the time, and those who are not happy. Those are all my reasons what I will try to accomplish in life.