Imagine going to school, and it's your first day back from summer vacation, and you walk into class with a weird impression that some teachers want to change because they know you can change the way you act or talk to other people. I think first impressions can be change because there are people that struggle to show how they feel, so they have this mean impression towards people the cause of it might be parents divorce a lot and a family member passing. Some resources say that 50 percent of the population tend to give students or parents an impression that is either showing how they feel towards something. Firstly, changing an impression might be a challenge for some people, but they said it's impossible to change in my reasoning I think it's possible to change someone's first impression. You really can't give someone an impression if you don't know anything about them or if you don't know them. You can't always say "oh their so mean" until they know your background. The reason I say that is because most of the time it's true most people would give an impression towards new students at school, but they don't know anything about the person. In reality, I disagree with first impressions are almost impossible to change because you can change that impression that people tend to have on their face. Secondly, there are other ways you can show your impressions if you don't want to show them. The first one is that you need to try to befriend them and make a conversation you never know you and that person might have a lot in common that you just didn't know to begin with. Your impression doesn't judge, but it's the way you show it because sometimes it led to making new friends, having good grades, and making your own decisions in life sometimes. Thirdly, I think impressions can change because nobody said anything about "anything isn't impossible" but a lot of stuff is possible if you believe there is. My reasoning to this prompt is that if you don't try hard enough to change the impression you have on your face then how can you make friends or how can you ignore what people are saying about you. Everyone can change especially their impressions you just keep trying and get to know the person. In conclusion, I think first impressions can be change if you act right towards people and how you treat others with your impression. Nothing is impossible if your don't try to change it or if you don't try to make a way to get people to be on the same level as you in the end. So I totally disagree with this prompt for saying that first impressions are almost impossible to change. 