What lesson would you choose to teach elementary school students? Would you chose math because they like numbers, or science because they like playing with science experiments? I would choose science, because we use science every day by turning on a light, to throwing a ball up in the air. Another reason many students like science is because it is the most fun, by that I mean by all the experiments we do in science. One lesson I would like to teach elementary school students is about science because it is fun, it is the easiest subject to teach, and it is the most used in daily life. Firstly, one lesson I would like to teach is science because it is fun to most adults and kids. First, science is fun because you get to do different types of experiments. For example, If you want to learn about kinetic and potential energy you can use science experiments that have kinetic and potential energy in them. Some experiments can have you involved in throwing a ball, so you can illustrate kinetic and potential energy. Second, science is fun because everybody can enjoy it. For example, say one student does an experiment everyone in the class can experience it because they all witnessed it. Lastly, science is the most fun to make a lesson about because it involves you talking to other people and sharing your observations. For example, If you did an egg drop experiment, you will compare your results to different types of students in your school and hopefully learn from what you did wrong or the opposite. Therefore, science is fun because you get to deal with experiments. Secondly, one lesson I would like to teach is science because it is the easiest to teach to many students and adults. First, science is the easiest because it does not require you to memorize or remember something every single time. For example in other subjects unlike science you have to memorize the root words for English, or memorize the formulas for math, But here all you have to do is memorize the terminology, and you should be good to go. Another reason why science is the easiest is because it is involving experiments which are not hard to understand all it requires you to do it pay attention. For example, If you pay attention to the experiment then you will know every bit of it, But in math you have to keep on practicing again and again until you get it. Third, science is the easiest to many students because it involves drawing pictures which is the easiest way to understand something other than memorizing. For example, say that the students don't get it by words so, what you can do is illustrate for them, so they get what you are trying to say. This works best at science because science is the subject that involves the most drawing and experimenting. So at last, science is the best subject to teach about because it is the easiest to understand. Thirdly, I would like to create a lesson about science because it is most used in daily life. Firstly, it is most used in daily life because everything can relate to science. For example, it can be related to light because light can cause radiation, it can be related to the air conditioning because it involves air traveling in currents. All of this thing are related to science and there is certainly more. Secondly, Science can help you understand more of your daily life by performing a lesson. For example, say that you don't know how to use a compass, science can tell you the answer to that because it relates to the magnetic field. Last, science is the most used in daily life for fixing things and being able to understand how things work. For example, science can tell us a lot of information, some examples can be how does a circuit work, how do fix a circuit, how does a light turn on so fast, or other possible things too. In addition, science should be the lesson because it is the most used in real life. In conclusion, one lesson I would like to teach in elementary school is science because it is the most fun and makes a lot of students smile when they do science, it is the easiest to teach because it involves minimum talking but a lot of drawing, and lastly it is the most frequently used in real life. So, I should get my science lesson ready for the elementary school students soon because they would have the most fun in this while learning. Would you teach science why or why not?  