Although some says true self-esteem comes from praise of others because make people feel more comfortable with their life, actually it comes from achievements. Self achievements make people decide for themselves and teaches confidence. Most people think that with praising students, they may be motivating the student to become a better version of themselves, and that the students might be developing confidence through small amount of work. Some also say, that is important to give credit to students work. No matter how bad it's. People who decide for themselves, are most likely to get a high pay job; than someone who was used to being praised while was a student. It had been proved. Kids who grow up in environments where their parents, teachers and peers, are happy with his/her academic skills without making them improve. Will be hard for them to get a high pay job in the future unless they have a special talent. True self-esteem comes from achievements and confidence. For example; 3 years ago I start training mix martial arts; I was also living in an environment where people used to praise me. Which is not a bad thing, but I perfectly new that, that won't do any good on my future. I remember that before training MMA, I didn't have self-esteem neither confidence. Once I join the MMA academy coaches used to tell me, and still telling me "that technique is not good enough, that take down sucks". My coaches didn't praise me. My coaches taught me; what I needed in order to achieve confidence in battle or in anything I want to do in life. Image a world where people listen to the rest, and don't try to make decisions for their own. It wouldn't make anyone for good, unless they are the kind of people, who need someone to depend on. For example; when my father was young he made decisions for his own. Nobody praised for him. He developed a very powerful skill. He developed confidence. The confidence brought him to the USA and had the opportunity to get a high pay job. In conclusion, I strongly believe students shouldn't be praise. I believe that praising students do good while they are young, but when they get older; they will want to have this feeling of relying on someone, and have more chances of ending up in low paying and boring jobs.