Schools should not have after school clubs. Students will not have that much time after school to work on different things. Some students have after school jobs, some have to babysit their brother/sister, and also some of them have to work after school to support their family etc. If there are homework clubs during school time that would be great. Students who have difficulty with subject will have better understanding of what they are learning. It would be pleasured of people who volunteer for during school homework club. Although some students who have difficulty with specific subject homework would be great. There will be teacher and students around. Maybe it's their same teacher who teaches the same class it will be great for students. Teachers will know the weakness of student of what they need help more with during class. This is why during school homework club would be great for teacher or students. Students who work after school could come to this club too they would be able to get their homework done and still be able to work at their job. Some homework club cost money which might be hard to pay for some families. If my school had homework club it should be free. Not every family has 100 of dollars to pay every month for homework club. They also should have good educated teacher who knows everything about subject, so they could help their students. If there are any bad educators who do not know anything about subject that would mess up the teacher and student both of their time. That would mess up students' education who spend their time coming to homework club. Speaking of that school should have great volunteers who can help their student with any subject. They need to have teacher who could make the students love homework club. They need to have that kind of teacher/volunteer who is not that strict who knows how to handle different situation of students. Maybe they could be going through a lot of things in their life. They might have some problem at home or outside of home. Students want funny, nice, and kind teacher. Who could make jokes about subject to have a student better understanding. 