There are many reasons why people want to be independent. They major reason is because they want to start making their own decisions. Making your own decisions in life is a being thing in life it shows how responsible and independent you are. Some people choose to make good decisions some choose to make bad ones. The bad decisions can cause a lot of damage to others in different ways. Some examples of bad decisions are drugs, drunk driving, and joining gangs. These decisions can cause a lot of pain towards the people around you, joining gangs is a high risk of getting yourself killed and for no reason. Once you get your self-killed you did nothing but make everyone that love you cry. Then there's drunk driving you put yourself at risk as well as others that have a family waiting for them to come home to them. While you made the decision to drive after you drank alcohol you have to deal that to put others in the hospital because of the decision you made. Then you got drugs that is never good for you. The only way to stop doing them is to never start them. Your family won't be happy with you nether the people you love, but other than those there are some good decisions people make. Decisions helps you figure out what you want to do after high school. Maybe Like what job you want to per sew or what you want to study in college or maybe if you want to start a family. All of these are good examples for making good decisions to make in the future. Jobs are really hard to find and get if you don't have experience. They are always looking for people who are ready and happy to be working in there store. But if your go-to college first and you've figured out what job you want you now what you have to study to get that job. That helps you in many ways and with that you can make a family and not worry about having the money to support that family. While people are trying to figure all that out we have kids that like to start trying to be independent and make their own decisions. While these kids are trying to do all that they have there family members thinking that my kid can do that on his own if you know what I mean by that basically what I'm trying to get to is that there mom and dad believe that there kid doesn't need help with one thing. It shows them that there, there turning in to a man or woman. There parents know that letting them make their own decisions help them think for them self and grow as a person. It also shows there parents that they can handle them self when their by them several these reasons show that making decisions is a hard thing to do for some people, but at the same time it shows people how to be independent in life and it's a step kids and adults have to take to move forward. Independence is what people ask for in this work and know that you have it what are you going to do with it?  