The one thing students shouldn't have been phones. Why? It is because students in different country always use their phones for my reason first reason why students shouldn't have a phone because of social media. What is social media that you might be asking? Well social media is where people can comment on pictures or video. The one that I should add to that is that students every day will always go on their phone and posted a picture or a video of them self or with someone. The second reason why students shouldn't phone because they might have download something that could get them hacked or giving information to someone that they don't know on the internet. The third reason why students should have phones because sometimes people can get bullied on the internet which the term is called cyberbullying. What is cyberbullying that you might be asking? Cyberbully is another form of bullying, but it is on the internet. The third reason why students shouldn't have a phone because some students will sometimes look on their phone without looking at where they are going. Some students got them killed because of that reason. So I suggest to not use your phone while you are walking across the street. The fifth reason why students shouldn't have a phone because of you posting a picture of you in a different country. Well that is risk because you could get robbed. How do you even get robbed first of all that you might be asking? Well you post a picture of you in a different country and that is giving the robs more of a chance to rob your house. The sixth reason why students shouldn't have a phone because they might prank call some local fast food restaurant. If you prank call the police, you will get yourself in trouble for that reason which many people in different country prank call the police for funny reason and also bad reason. The seventh reason why students shouldn't have a phone because it could explode because you are using all the time. If you are using it none stop, then it will explode on you, so I suggest that you should use it for 2 hours or so. The last reason why students shouldn't have a phone because of how addicting it is to everyone. That is the reason why students shouldn't have a phone