By extending the school day two hours, students and teachers will have more advantages to learn and to teach. I agree to follow this model by extending the school day two hours. There are many reasons of why it will be better and will benefit us as students. One of the reasons is that we will have more time in the weekend to review our notes, homework, and things that we need help with. Another reason is that we will be doing the same forty hours of school even if we will have a four-day school week. It also will benefit teachers by increasing their time to review test or projects made by the students. Most of the time there are things at school that we do not really understand, and a four-day school week will give us more time to study and review these things at home. We the students have the opportunity to go to school and graduate, but also some of us have obligations and responsibilities. For example in my personal life, I have to work after school every day. And most of the time when I get home, I feel tired, and I just go to sleep, I forget if I have homework or not. Therefore, this model will give us more time to work and being less worry about going to school five-day week. We can concentrate at school four days and the other day we can work and do homework or projects when we have to.Also, a four-day school week will benefit us because we will be doing the same forty hours. Therefore, our grades and education would not change. And I do not think that is necessary to study all five days, it is not about how many days do you go to school, is about how you take advantages from it. For example if you go to school everyday just to talk with your teammates, is like you were absent. For that reason I agree to extend the two hours of school, that way we can concentrate four days and having in mind that we will have three days to study or to keep learning at home. Another reason of why I agree to extend the school day, is because it will benefit the teachers also. It will benefit the teachers by giving them more time to review and grade homework, projects or test that students took in the class. It also will give us the opportunity to spend more time with our families and people around us. For example, I work with my father in construction, and I almost do not see him all day until the night. This four-day school week, will give me the opportunity to spend an entire day working with him without being worry about the school for a day. And just like me, there is a lot of people who will be benefit from it. Finally, school should be extended two hours day, that way we can have more time in the weekend to prepare for tests, teachers will have more time to grade them. And we will have three days to spend with our families.  