Do curfews keep teenagers out of trouble, or do they unfairly interfere in young people lives? Some people believe that debating the adoption of a 10 P.M. weekday curfew and a midnight curfew for teenagers while others believe that is not a good idea to debating the adoption of a 10 P.M. weekday curfew and a midnight weekend curfew for teenagers. This is important because is not a good idea to debating the adoption of a 10 P.M. weekday curfew and a midnight weekday curfew for teenagers. This is going to help teenagers how to be responsible, get a job, and learn how to take care themselves. First, teenagers have to learn how to be responsible because some teenagers do not grow up with their parents. For example, they have to go a school in the morning, and they have to go a work at night. This is important for teenagers who work and study hard. That is why is not fair that the city council debating the adoption of 10 P.M. for teenagers because they do not have some else to help them to pay bills or other stuff. Additionally, most of the teenagers have a job at night because they want to go to the university. For example, teenagers only have time to have a job at night, and they help their parents to save money. There is a lot of teenagers who really want to go to the university and universities are expensive. This is a big effort for teenagers that they really want to reach their own goal, and their parents do not have a lot of money to cover the bill of the universityHowever, not everyone agrees with this position. Some people claim that debating the adoption of a 10 P.M. weekday curfew and a midnight weekend curfew for teenagers. Nevertheless, teenagers are going to learn how to take care themselves because there are not going to live with their family all the time. For example, some teenagers take the decision to move to other state or country. And it is a good idea for them how to take care themselves without parents. Based on this argument, one must conclude that is not a good idea to debating the adoption of a 10 P.M. weekday curfew and a midnight curfew for teenagers because this have to be an option for teenager to do what they really want to do. Some teenagers are responsible for they own self, this help them to be prepared for their own future, and be a teenager who can protect their self in an earlier age. This is going to help teenager to maturity.