Some people believe in praising a student to help them build self-esteems. They believe that students must be self-confident in order to learn. On the other hand, other people believe that self-esteems comes from achievements. I think that self-esteems comes from both learning and achievements, but it mostly comes by telling a student that there work is good for these three reasons. One reason is that people are giving good complement to student for their work that the student have done, sometime people would want to have the stuff the students would create, and last people would say nice thing to students, so the other people wouldn't hurt their feeling. The first reason is that people are complementing to student for their work that student has created. Some people would say nice things and walk away, or they would stay and talk about what the student made and the meaning behind what the student created. I remember when I was a little kid, I built a toy car and my mom like it. So when I'm older, I want to create my own car and show my mom how good I am at building cars. My mom was the one who has helped me boost my self-esteem. That is what teachers should do to student if they want to boost their self-esteem. Another reason, is that sometime people would want to have the stuff that students would create. For example, say if you made a painting and someone on the street saw it. Then the person would want to buy it, and you sold it to him. That would make you want to create even more painting and sell it. It would make the student think that the person like your painting that you created and that boost you into selling more painting. The more stuff you create. The more people would want to buy it. That is a reason to help boost students self-esteems. The last reason is that people would say nice thing, so they won't hurt your feeling, But they do that because there jealous that they can't do the stuff that you can create. There are some people in the world that just give you hateful comment about your creation. And that doesn't mean that you can stop doing what you want to do. It doesn't matter because there are other people that are going to like the thing that you create. There are people out there that maybe want to buy your stuff probably even a famous person would want to buy it. In conclusion, people would try to believe in students, so they could have self-esteem. But there also people out in the word that maybe don't like the stuff that you create. But there also people that do like the stuff that you create. That is why people are giving good complement to student for their work that the student have done, they sometime would want to have the stuff that students would create, and last people would say nice thing to students, so the other people wouldn't hurt their feeling.