SummerPromptMost students enjoy summer vacation, but some educators feel that the summer break is too long and that students do not retain information easily when they return in the fall. I think summer should not change because it would have a negative impact on students; such as, not enjoy summer. Some people argue that there should be a year-round school, where there would be a 3-4 week break in the summer, a longer winter break, and a week off in the spring and fall. Some student said that break during school year sounds good; however, they would enjoy better summer because of the weather. In personals experiences, I enjoyed summer break better than winter break because in summer I was available to play outside; in the other hand, during winter break I wasn't available to play outside because the weather was too cold. Student also think that they enjoy summer break better because they don't have the pressure of homework, and after school activities. I think summer break is long enough for those who need extra help, so they can attend to summer school. I enjoy summer break because it is also the part of the year when days are longer enough to expend time with friends. Furthermore, I also enjoy summer break because it is the only par of the year when I can spend time fishing, which is what I enjoy the most. I think having certain of breaks during school year will make difficult for student to concentrate. Think you don't understand a topic in algebra; you get some help, and finally you start to understand it, but you realize that fall break is next week, and it will interrupt with your learning. I think that's a consequence of having certain of breaks during school year. There should not be a short summer break because it is the only time people spend the most time with their family. I think that's the most important think of summer; spend time with the family. It is also the part of the year that people get off their stress. People is adapted with the school program, and they will not like the idea of having it change. I think the society is adapted with the system that we have currently.  