Soccer has always been the most important priority in my life. It is not just a game but a whole different world for of its own. In the other hand, education has been also an essential part of my life. Living in a world full of competitions and challenges needs so much of a person's will power and hard work then just having an outstanding goal and not working on it. Business is something devastatingly related to education and hard work, but sports are also a type of business that most of the people do not observe it. Lionel Messi, the greatest soccer player of all time, is the person I mostly want to meet. I have always been fascinated by your skills and finishing in the field. Every teenager changes their goals for their future at least 5 times, but I have had this dream of being the greatest soccer player in the world since my first year in middle school. I can assure Messi that if he takes me to the Barcelona's beautiful stadium, I will do my best to show him how serious I am to be the greatest soccer player. I believe Messi can select me to show the true feeling of being the greatest soccer player and to let me see the most beautiful stadium of their team because soccer has always been the top priority in my life, it is not just a game but a whole different, beautiful, and unbelievable world for me, and soccer is the only game that I can play all my life without any regrets. It was the first year in middle school that I actually understood what soccer is. Since then, I have been in love with soccer. I lived in Generic_City and my parents are Asian; that is why I have had quiet some obstacles during my life because any Asian parent wants their child to study, study, and study. I was always against those who thought that sports cannot be a true career and business. Furthermore, I never gave up; although my parents told me hundreds of times to work on your education and study hard, but I kept it all balanced and I didn't let my parents know that soccer was always the top priority in my life. Soccer teams and opportunities in our school is important, like working hard and getting into JV was really important for me, and I will surely work hard and do my best next year to get into varsity too. Some people believe that soccer is just a simple game which anyone can play when they have free time and have nothing to do. I totally disagree with that concept. I believe soccer has its own world. It can be a professional career, and it can be a brilliant way to earn money for those who works to earn money. The first day I watched Messi's video on YouTube had me surprised that how can a person be so magnificent at controlling, dribbling, passing, and shooting. He was just perfect. There are hundreds of soccer players out there who have unbelievable and outstanding skills like: Cristiano Ronaldo, Paul Pogba, Neymar Jr, Mbappé and so many more. Did it ever happen to you that you have played for hours and hours and your mom calls you to come home saying, "it is enough", but you feel like you had just started playing 10 minutes ago, and how did the time go so fast? It is always the feeling I have when I play soccer. I never get tired mentally while I do get tired physically after 3 hours of playing. I want to play more and more and that feeling never gets old. That feeling shows how much you love the action you are doing. Money is one of the most crucial things to survive in this world but if I had to choose between never ending amount of money in my bank account and freedom to play as much soccer as possible, I would gladly choose soccer. Most of the time my imaginations are so nice that I just do not want to move and ruin it because all I imagine is me playing in professional soccer game and millions of people being my fan and I have all the skills that I wanted to have. Imaginations are nice but in real world we have to work real hard and with passion to achieve our goals. Although most of the people believe that soccer must stay as a game that anybody can play in their free time, but I completely disagree because soccer is a complete professional career for anyone who wants to play. Anybody in this world can be the greatest soccer player, but the key is to work hard and challenge yourself every single day to become better. No one is perfect that is why we have to practice all the time to be better person in our lives.