In some school districts they offer programs which allows students to graduate in three years rather than four years as normal. Which means students would be a year early for college and a year early in the workforce. Allowing high school students to graduate in three year is not a good idea because they won't be able to attend more elective classes in school, they will start stressing about a lot of school work, and they won't be able to enjoy their four years of high school with friends. Trying to graduate early is not the best because it could be so stressful, focusing on getting good grades and passing in a short amount of time. As the University of Virginia did an experiment on teenagers, that which they should not be putting too much stress on themselves. As some students like to work and want to succeed in the future, so they think it's faster and easier to graduate early. You should be in high school for four years as traditionally and not trying to rush through your high school years and graduate. You should enjoy your years of high school, as normal sometimes we have stress because it's too much of work, but four years you get to have more fun classes. As three years you won't be able to be in elective classes, which it could lead to fewer opportunities. During summer, you have to do school work, so you can be able to graduate and also after school you have to do work. Some might think that four years of high school is too much, but it's really not that much, you really won't feel when the years pass by. In the other hand some students think that being in high school for only three years it's a good idea because they think that it's easier to get away from people and dramas, faster to start working, going to college faster, and they are rushing through life. They want to succeed but the faster way, and they don't want to be in high school because they think it's too long, and it takes a lot of years through their lives. As in some school districts they offer programs which allows students to graduate in three years rather than four years as normal. Allowing high school students to graduate in three years in not a good idea because it's too much stress about school work, they won't be able to be in elective classes, and they won't enjoy their high school years with friends. The school district should not offer this program because students should be in high school as normal.