It has been said that first impressions are impossible to change, I disagree with this claimant. The reason disagree with this is because first of all first impressions are a snap chat of who you are. Second of all the more time you spend with a person the more likely that they will change there mind of whom they thought you were from the first time they meet you. At this time of pride people are starting to get the idea that first impressions aren't always correct, so they are willing to give a second chance. First impressions are a snap chat of who you are, for me personally first impressions are always heard because based on the few seconds I spend talking to a person they will always think of me as that person specie if am never going to see them aging. Job interview is a big one because based on how you present your self at that moment of time will deter man whether you get the job or not, and you might get nerves and act a serine way that will not help you get the job even tho that's not who you really are. For example like a year ago I had soccer tryouts for a big soccer team the whole month I have been training and feeling good, but when the day came I was nerves because I never had the chance to tryout for a big team like that. I ended up not getting into the soccer team because the whole time I was worried what time the coaches will think of me, and they were not impressed with me the first, but this year I made it into the team the coaches liked me because I was much comfortable on the ball this time then last time and the coaches changed there mind about me. What am I trying to say is first impressions are not impossible to change. The more time you spend with a person the more likely that they will change there mind, Sometimes you will like person based on for the few seconds you have seen them or talk to them, but then when you spend more time with me, you come to find out that they are not as much as inserting as they seam. For example, I had this kid in my class he was funny and seem inserting. But the more I got to now him I found out that he is funny when they are a group of people around him but when you talk to him one on one he is like a whole different person. This just goes to show that it is not just bad first impressions that are not impossible it's the good one's too. People are starting to get the idea that first impressions aren't always correct, Job are starting to understand that first impressions are not always correct for that reason they are willing to have two job interviews with. Sometimes it might be first on the phone than in person or just have two job interviews in person and I think that is a good idea spicily for people like me who are not good at first impressions.conclusion, Some people might say first impressions are impossible to change, and I can see where they are coming from, but all am I trying to say is the more time you spend with a person you are going to have more understanding of who they are. The only time I would say first impressions are almost impossible to change is if you are going to see the person just for one time and never see them aging. If that is the case than what ever the image of you they have that will just be it but be sides that first impressions are not impossible to change.