In some districts, teenagers that are in high school take courses in the evenings or during the summer in order to graduate in three years instead of four years. Students who take the three years program do not have elective courses and have to study harder than others. I think it is an unconscious idea to graduate in only three years instead of four. In fact, I strongly disagree with the purpose of that program. To begin with, students who decide to study during evenings and summer will be constantly overwhelmed. Because the academic level is more intense in colleges, they will tend to quit when they enter college and start working without their college degrees. For example, one of my friend graduated last year after only 3 years of high school. He used to stay late at school because of his extra courses. Last summer, he started college. After only two months, he started giving up by going to work at some restaurants rather than going to his classes. I had a conversation with him last month. He assumed that he stressed himself over the past three years, and now he can not do it anymore. Based on his experience, I realized that grinding to graduate in only three years will help some students finish high school earlier than the others, but it will not take them further. In addition, students who decide to graduate with the program of three years and go to college or work usually lose track of their social life. Because they dedicate their entire time on studying, they do not have time to enjoy their life and have good memories with people around them. For instance, a few years ago, my older sister who decided to graduate with the program of three years in high school lost track of her social life. She used to go to school every single day including the weekends. She was combining that tough program with her part-time job. I could literally stay at least three days without seeing her despite the fact that we lived in the same house. When she finally graduated and went to an out state college, it was worse because she used to answer my messages every month instead of every day. We lost any type of affinity that we had because of that program. It was also hurtful to see that at the end it was not worth it because she gave up after two years of college. Obviously, the program of graduation in three years has a negative effect. However, some say that it is an advantage that people should consider because it will help them start their career one year earlier. I respect their point of view, but I believe that the traditional graduation after 4 years is essential because students will have time to be mature before getting into the most challenging part of life. Therefore, I still strongly disagree with that idea of graduating in three years. In conclusion, the traditional graduation after four years in high school is crucial, and we should stick to it. Because high school is where teenagers grow in their social life, no one should break the pattern by trying to graduate earlier. In order to protect teenagers'social life and help them grow adequately during their adolescence, I urge the authorities to outlaw the program that allow high school students to graduate in three years instead of four. 