Do you ever wonder if we should choose our own character by trait or let our characters be formed by influences beyond our control? I will argue that, we should choose our own characters by traits and not by influence. I think that we should choose our own traits, because we will be choosing our own fate or destiny, we shouldn't let other people decide our path and make a good character of yourselfYour character is your fate or destiny to choose on what ever path you should take. We all know that we should go to our own path to life and choosing what is best for our lives. You are the only one that can take control of your character and nobody should have the ability to take it from you. The fate or destiny is at the power of you hands, and you are the only one to decide on what trait you will have on your character. Don't let people decide on what path you should take and live with it. We should choose our own path to life and enjoy it. Many people know that we should be yourself and nobody else, we should be the character we choose to be. We all have our own character, we shouldn't influence people because you think that it is better for them. We shouldn't do that to other people because it was great for you, let them decide on what path they're going to take. Furthermore, we should only give them advice, but don't decide for them. Make a good character of yourself, don't let anyone make you feel down. We are the ones to decide our own path of happiness. We can be many things if you believe that you can achieve it. If you think that this is a better way to a good character, then take it, endure it, make it worth it. In conclusion, we should choose our own character traits. You might say, "I think people's influences can be good for our character." you are not wrong, but not all influence can be good for your character. It is what John Lubbock said,"Your character will be what you yourself choose to make it." It means that you are the one to take control of your own character. 