Technology had a great impact in the world. Technology had changes many things in the world. Today people can do a lot of things using technology, but there are some good and bad effects that technology cause on people's lives. Technology can cause bad effects and there are some people that they can see what is technology causing, and they just prefer to continue using technology. Technology need limitation for humans. Although some people say that technology had positive effects on people's lives, actually technology can have negative effects on people's lives because technology cause addiction to peoples. Addiction to technology is a big problem in the world. Some people believe that technology doesn't cause negative effects on people's lives, but this is not true because technology can cause problems on people's lives. First reason, why does technology had negative effects on people's lives is because technology cause a lot of problems on peoples. One of the problem is that today technology had a big impact on people specially in adults, kids, and adolescents. The majority of people are using technology some of them knows what it can cause if they are using this all the time. For example, some kids start using technology when they just have 4 or 5 years old, and it can cause positive effects and also can cause negative effects because they start learning, but at the same time they are creating a big addiction to cell phones. The parents have to control this and don't give to their kids' cell phones because they just are kids and don't need to use technology too much. Kids can use technology to study or have fun, but they need limitation of technology. Second reason, why does technology cause negative effects on peoples lives is because adolescents are using technology to play online. This is causing a big problem to them because they are getting addiction to this. Some adolescents just prefer to stay at home playing and they don't want to go out with their parents. The Washington Post had an article about the addiction that technology is causing on people's lives. This article says that people who are playing online are having problems with banks. For example, Some of them have to pay to play online. They can't stop playing because they have an addiction. They start using credits card of their parents, and they create debt with banks. In conclusion technology had negative impact on people's lives. Technology have to have supervision because it is causing a big impact in the world. They are some positive effects that technology cause, but the majority are negative effects. Some people want to stop technology and there are some that they just want a better world without problems and addictions to technology. 