Dear, Manager would like to visit your companies to explore if the crier is good encore for me. If I like what is available for to do. I want to know more and see how it needs to be done. The companies are big that you can have a lot of employees to do work faster. The students can see how it feels to work or to be in a company. You can make the student know how it feels to be a manager and to work up to 7 hours. You can tell them how long they will work and when there lunch at when it is time. Furthermore, you can show how it is all organized and where everything is at to get anything fast when it is needed for the product to be done in order to sell it to the people. People will wonder how the companies work, and it could be tiring if at night. How big can a company even be are there any limit to the area going to be used for the company. What is the cost for a company for it to be build. Dose a company have to be remolded and cert en times like every 5 to 6 years. Where can a company be build at in urban places are rural places. When do people come to bring stuff to make something to sell it because they will need stuff to make the thing to sell it and get money to invest to the company, so it will grow. What is the cost for all the metatarsals of the company to be able to run correctly so not a lot of money is put in to it and get broke and struggle with money that is needed. Going to a company can help others if they want to work in a company. Some people want to see how it feels to work or be a manager and time to put in to work. What will a company do if they run out of money and supplies dose the company need to be sold. Will a company pay lots of money for the bills from most of the electricity. Will a company get in to trouble if the supplies they make is not good? All companies are big, but some are bigger than other because they sell there stuff faster and get more money from it, and they get better stuff to use and make there company even bigger with better stuff to make the supplies and surly more employees. Every company makes their own stuff they can't tack other people supplies and take the credit of the managers. What all happen if on company steals an idea form someone will they get a fine of a lot of money are they will go to jail for stealing the idea of the other company. Will all companies have work all the time. Do companies work on festive days like Christmas or new years. Will employees get some days to have vacation. After all the work is done all the machine get turned off if in a festive day. When an employ gets sick do they have to call the manager to say they can't go, or they just don't go and wait if the manager calls him because he wasn't there. If they get sick during work will replacement person come to replace them for the days or in tell they feel better. When there is a fire will they get money from all the thing they got destroyed or that don't work anymore. It will be nice if students can go to the companies and see how it is like to be a manger or employ or even an expert, so the can control the money, so they don't get broke in the future of the company. Know everyone will know how it feels to be a manager or employ of any job that needs the manager or employs.All the these will help and see how it feels to control the company and how they do it and when get sick while in work. Sincerely, Generic_Name 