American jazz legend Duke Ellington said "A problem is chance for you to do you best." The meaning of this is when you have a. Problem you have a chance to fix it before anything get even worse. I disagree with Duke Ellington because sometimes you can't always. Fix your problems, you might not be able to resolve the problem you have and. If you try to do your best with the problem and it doesn't work out you are going to make the problem even worse than it was before.There's a problem with your sink and you don't know how to fix. It so what do you call a plume to fix your sink pipes the plume goes away to do another job and. Your sink starts to spit out water again you try to fix it because you were watching the plume. Do it the first you try to fix it and the water leak gets worse and starts to flood your house so now you. Have to call the plume again and pay again also you could have called him before it started leaking again he could have walked you threw it. Some kids have pets and when those pets pass away and there. Parents try to replace the pet with another pet it will be hard for the kid he might not eat, sleep or even talk for a long time. When my dog lucky died it was hard for me and my brother we early ate or talked my dad. Tried to get other dog be me and my brother both knew it wasn't going to be the same. When you're in school and you are a kid sad, and you ask him "what's worn." And he doesn't say anything back, and you start talking about coming over after school because. You have to do project with this student, and you say" ask your dad if I can come over"then the kid starts to cry because his dad passed. Away in a car accident last night then he tells you his dad died last night you made him worse than he was 20 minutes ago just from saying one simple thing. So American jazz legend Duke Ellington I disagree with that because you can make a lot of things way worse than it ways from doing one think like trying to fix the sink, trying to replace a passed away pet and trying to make someone feel happy when you tried to make them feel happy.