How many times you try to give up, how many times you wake up, there are a lot of difficult things in the life. While many are discouraging by going into failure to failure but never give up, stay happy keep working hard, and you'll find success. I'm firmly agreed to Churchill words, no matter what, you have to keep the enthusiasm and keep working hard to get success. There are a lot of difficult parts in the life for example I was a clear example of this because I went to failure to get success. When I was in 10 grade I take for the first time the Geometry Test, I was so nervous because I was going to take one of most difficult exams that I have never taken it and yes I fail, and then I take it 3 more times and I fail again. After 3 times of failure I take some minutes to think about it. And I say what is the best thing that I can do, Well the best way is preparing my self to take the test again. Finally, after 4 times I pass it, and this situation give a big lesson never, never loss the enthusiasm never give up, failure make me learn new things that will help me to improve and be success. One of my reason for this should be that have to have the Geometry test to be available to graduate that was the reason that motivate my self to pass the test. Another difficult part of my life was when I move to this country, it was very painful because I leave all my family in my old country and all my friends that I know from my infancy, but that is not the very difficult part. When I move to this country I never though that the language would be a problem but I was wrong. It's very hard when see someone talking to you, but you can't understand, it's feels pretty bad. Then I start to study English to improve my pronunciation and understand better, but like I say before I never give up I keep working, and I will find success. My reason for this is that I want to a better future and I know that if I speak two languages I will have a better future. My conclusion to all this would be that no matter what you have to keep the enthusiasm even if you fail many times keep working hard, and you'll find success.