Just imagine you have an important basketball game at your school. Since you have three hours to get to the school, you decided to go watch a movie with some friends. When the movie finished you realize is already late, and that you need to go home to get the basketball uniform and your water. Ten blocks away your house you realize that the traffic is getting forever, you feel like is never going to end, that the minutes passed so slowly, really nervous, and sweaty. When you get home and check the clock you see you have just twenty minutes to get ready and go to school, your mom is screaming at you furious because she is always telling me to be responsible. You arrived your team is already playing without you. Since you get there late Generic_Name tells, "You are not going to play today, because you are not responsible." I think a good lesson I can teach to the kids is responsibility at home, school projects, and sports. First, responsibility at home is really important because is where we live, and when you are responsible you show respect to your parents. One day my best friend Generic_Name called me because she wanted to get a coffee and tell me she was really nervous of failing the year because she has not been responsible. I told her, "I am going to ask my mom." When I asked my mom she told me furious, "Have you fix your room and wash the dishes?" I respond, "I have fixed my room, but I have not washed the dishes." I supposed that she was angry so that was and no. Furthermore, I telegenic_Name I cannot go, and she was really sad about it. Later I realized that I was not responsible about doing my duties at home. That is why you need to be responsible for doing your duties at home. Next, you need to be responsible with school projects because in this way you get better grades. When I was in elementary school I remember I need to do a science project for the science fair. I wanted to get the first place of all the school because I knew that I will feel really happy of it. I decided to do a wave experiment, but it was really complex and I knew it would take a long time to do it. Furthermore, I collect all the materials and build it, but I did not remember about the poster. The poster need to be huge and with the hypothesis, procedure, materials, results, and pictures. I did not make my best work in that poster, so I get i ninety percent and third place. I feel perfect about the results, but I learn that in order to be better we need to be responsible at school. Finally, responsibility at sports. I did not know we needed to be responsible when practicing any sport. Just imagine you have the last soccer game of the year. Generic_Name have told you many times the directions of what you need to do all the week before the game, but you have not followed them correctly. One of the directions was eaten healthy, but you have been eating pizza all the week. Other direction was drink a lot of water every day, but instead of drinking water you drink soda. The day of the game has come, and you did not get prepared because you did not want to be responsible. When you are at the middle of the game you start to feel really dizzy. Generic_Name and the nurse take you out, and tell you why are you so ill. In sports, you need to be responsible for your health. Responsibility is what make us be better. In think responsibility help us have a better place to live. I list three ways we can show we are responsible. To show the importance of it. Ways we can show we are responsible are making duties at home, at school, and practicing any sport.