Distance learning In century twenty-first the education in United States and another countries became better that before thanks to technology. Moreover, the technology helps schools to teach their students with a better way. Now, classes are created creative and effective. The schools had been creating different programs such as "Distance learning" to offer a different option to students. This is a program that help students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. Therefore, there is a question that everybody is making Is the distance learning a better option?. As all programs, it has many advantages. The benefits of this program are following: Anytime class: you do not need to wake up very early in morning, you will be able to attend classes anytime that you consider best. No drive: you do not need drive to school or anywhere, you will skip the traffic. Comfortable: it will be comfortable, because you will stay in the comfort of your house. Work and study: you will be able to work and study at same time, because you can attend classes anytime that you want. No bullying: you do not have to suffer bullying from anybody in school anymore. Focus: you will be focused on class, because you will be alone in your house without company.it also has disadvantages such as no teachers: you do not have any teacher with experience around of you. If you have a question, you can not ask some else. Sociable life: you will lose a sociable life in school, because you will stay in home. No books: you do not have all the books to study. Depression: you will pass for a depression that could be caused from being locked in home. Well, is the distance learning a better option?. In conclusion, in my personal opinion it is. I think that this types of programs will be useful and success. There are many peoples that needed programs as this, because they do not have full time to go to school. Those people that need work and study at same time, because they do not have all the resources or money. These programs were created for all you, people that can not go to school. At end if you want to join to a program as this, it up to you.