Great people had discovered great things for us and if it was it because of them, our community wouldn't be the same. It has been said that to be yourself in a world that constantly try to make you someone else is the greatest thing yourself can do and accomplish. Personal thoughts and opinions agree with this statement and proof to be real with articles and autobiography of examples from successful people. First one of the reasons of being yourself is better than being controlled is to think in about someone who has already accomplished something. An example can be: Nicolas Tesla, Martin Luther king, Neil Armstrong, and Albert Einstein. They all have done a something that changed everything, not only their life but everyone's life. Being controlled by the government to go to school and do what they want will not help in life goals; to be successful the community have to achieve their goals to make a change.Furthermore, being yourself will help in self-confidence and will help in life accomplishments. For example, big man with an opportunity to work with a company much superior to his, has to go to a conference to talk about business, his self-confidence isn't really well-supported, and he ruined the conference because of it. All successful people have something in common and its having self-confidence. It will help you in real world challenges, and being what a person is every day is the best thing to do. In the other hand, the community keep its way having trouble to live and following the government's "help". Only people with great disciplinary actions can success with this help and It's why people keep following what they say to do. In Virginia there are a lot of public schools, they all teach the same thing and have the same exams. This is the same school 10 years ago and people have goals that cannot be accomplished because of school limitations. In conclusion, Reading at all the people who have accomplished something for them and for us the key to be successful is that community has to change its way to accomplish goals and to not only depend on schools that will not teach us how to life after school is finish. Depending on government is not the way to be successful. Self confines will make successful people as well as goals.