Manager I would like to visit some employs, so they can choose this workplace and work hard. The type of work I will purse is I want a big office with computers and big spaces so local work so many schools have partnership with local companies and really organizations that allow students to explore certain professions because so they can learn some subject like history, math, science, language arts, chores, and more because so they can member what there talking about and so if they have a test they can study and have a better grade think about what they want to be when they grow up. I choose this work place and this specific job because so if they want to work in a quiet place they can work in an office and if they need privacy they can have all the space that they need. And I want them to get along be friendly with the people they work with and the costumers, and they work together if they want to. And I want the manager to visit us, so they can check if we need more thing that we need for the office and how organized that we are and here are some comments about our place and if we need more details from our place like if we need chairs, or more tables more mats for the ground, or we need more employs to work here, or we need to help people, or do we need to put a kids' room for them, so they can not be bored, and talk about some work that we need to work on. And I want to convince my employs allow me to visit like how are they doing, or they need to work on something hat they should do, or we need to move some computer to put it in the computer sections. And I want to my employs to work hard and try there best. My first reason why I pick this local companies, so they help the community(the people) so the manager reads this letter. And my second reason why I pick this is because so people see that they can find a job like this and if people like to work with people and other employs they can work on the office. And this is my reason why I well chose this work place and the specific job.  