I believe that students accomplish more when they are always doing something. That serves more of a purpose than not doing anything at all. Students learn more when they are doing something productive. Students accomplish more when they take action. Another reason why students accomplish more when doing something is that they get farther in life than others. Lastly they get mature and learn what life is about. That why I choose that when a student get all this thing in place the student will accomplish more that someone that is not doing anything in life in their whole lifetime. The reason I choose that we accomplish more when doing something is that we can't accomplish something when not moving doing nothing. My first reason why we accomplish more when doing something is that when we do something we are learning. For example in the 4th grade I was really mad at math, so I took action and practiced every day after school for the rest of the year. I would get good grade after I took action and studied every night. What I'm trying to say is that I wouldn't have accomplished that if I hadn't done something. Another example is that studies show that students that are always doing things at home or after school do accomplish more than students that don't do anything at all. Finally, they learn how to manage their time more better. Students that accomplish things get farther in life than others. For example my aunt is a doctor, and she put her mind in everything that she did. For example, she took a lot of tests to take and study for. So what did she do she was always multitasking. Another example is that a person that has made so many challenges in life is going to understand that you need to do something for it.Finally, the reason is that students when they are doing their work they are going to understand what it means to be an adult., and to be more mature in life. Students get mature when they start work and going to school because they start to manage their time more wisely. Like for example a student is going to work right after school, and they have a lot of work to do. They make that time do their work some other time when they have time or at work on break. Another example is that if a student have a good example in life they will get really intelligent.Finally, students that accomplish more are the students that are doing something in life other that just doing nothing. Students that are accomplished more are learning life skills. Students that accomplish more are going to get farther in life than others that aren't doing anything. Students that are accomplished more things are going to become mature. For knowing that they are doing thinks that is smart.