People who have a lot of experience in life have started off the same way as everyone one else, from the bottom. Their first ever job was something that they probably had never done before, this makes it so that they had to learn and adapt to something they were unfamiliar with. Hiring these people, people who had little to no experience to what they are now are the one who went on in life by learning and adapting. Hiring new people can also benefit employers positively, by having someone with no experience can help grow that person professionally. Also finding someone with a lot of knowledge at something may be difficult for they all have jobs that require experience. This in the end can make it hard for employers to find someone just right for the position they needing someone who doesn't have experience in the job position you are looking for can be a good thing, first, it can help the employee discover skills for themselves and outside the job, second, it can or will make the employee much better and more reliable for the position. New employees need a mentor or someone who can show them the correct ways to do the job and who ever the mentor is, it can help them grow their leadership skills dramatically. Having skill diversity among the group can also be very beneficial it can result in the new employees finding new ways to manage things on the job and may even find ways to replace the old rules for better ones. Some people are fast learners so he/she will adapt to the new work environment very easily. Building up experience is a key part in life and some point there will be a time to get a job and seeing that everyone has started from the bottom, and hiring someone new can really benefit the company and the employed I think that employers should hire someone that doesn't have any experience at something; yes, once hiring he/she the employee will do whatever it takes to keep that job and find new ways to grow while on the job. It is also a good way to expand company diversity and skills. In the end, anyone who is looking for a job should be given an opportunity to learn and acquire skills to become better and stronger experience wise. Employers should mostly take notice on how ready and determined he/she is for the job rather than hoe much experience they have. At some point even the employer was given a chance so whoever the person may be should also be given a chance at this opportunity. I hope you take this letter into consideration and offer positions to someone who is eager to learn and be part of your group.sincerelyGeneric_Name 