My name is Generic_Name and I am 18 years old. I am currently in 11th grade and attending Generic_school. I dream big in graduating, starting a career, and making my family proud. My parents are from Generic_City, As my sister is from Generic_City. Currently, I am from Generic_City. What I am very interested in is, playing soccer and learning lots about criminal justice. When I graduate from Generic_school, I would love to maintain my dream goals in studying Criminal justice and explore new types of events to figure out my future job. What I am mainly Interested in is, A DEA Agent. Being a DEA agent (Drug Enforcement Agent) was always my favorite type of police job ever since I was a kid. I would always see movies about them, One famous show would be ''Marcos'' with Pablo Escobar. My parents really love the fact that I am interested in studying a career as an agent, They one hundred percent support me and see me as one in the future. I am also currently taking criminal justice in school, I have been for 2 years, and look forward to continuing taking the same class in college as well. I am a very Brave type of person. Furthermore, I like to step up myself in achieving goals I set myself to one. Furthermore, I've once set myself into making the Generic_City soccer team, With a lot of practice and hardworking, I've managed to achieve making the team and achieving my goals in my 10th grade year. Furthermore, I am also interested in continuing my career as playing soccer in college, But what comes in mind first is Criminal Justice. Furthermore, I have been researching many information about DEA and searched up many documentaries. Being an agent seems to be very hard and need very hardworking brave men to step up for any emergency. If I ever achieve my goals into becoming an agent, I am certain in helping the community and other countries, to maintain it safe and out of trouble in risk of losing or outgrowing any type of bad habits. What I will make sure of is: Finishing High School, Keeping my grades up, And finding myself a good high job, to start off my career into achieving my goals to become a DEA. I do believe one day I will try and find myself working very hard, Trying very hard to build myself up to a police, And graduating with an Advance Master Degree in becoming what I wish to be. I hope god to help me achieve my goals, And to never give up in my dreams. Until then, I will continue in studying and learning many more facts, Information about DEA.