People who value self-reliancePeople who value self-manage define it as the need for each individual to follow his or her own instincts and ideas. Should they seen guidance from experts and authorities about life's important matter? Take a position on this issue. Support your response with reasons and specific examples. First people who value stuff, cloth,shoes, phone and more. Another thing that people value things is there family friend. Then they also value there house money. Everyone values something different. Some people have different cast. Everyone has to do different things in there self. If she had a pair of shoes that she had that are value $100 then she is going to value you because she would want to know, she would get mad or upset that her shoes get dirty or if there shoes get mess. If the girl bought a pair of shoes for $100 she would be very upset because some girls don't ways there money on$100 dollars pairs of shoes. If a guy bought appear of Nike, FIA,Adidas, Jordan,KD or something the guys will get made if there shoes cost more than 300 dollars, and it got ruined. The guys hate when people mess around with their shoes, and they ruin it. They don't like stepping in mud, and they don't do outside work. If the guys are going to do outside work they should have bought in less expanse shoes not high price shoes. If they are going to work they should have boughting less expanse shoes like $20-50 not more than that, so we could do a lot of different things. Some people need to know about that shouldn't buy high price stuff they have to buy less it's better if they do not buy high price shoes because they can work and ban looking at their shoes every single time and saying don't get my shoes dirty. When teenage kids start work there like some I don't want to work, but they should work because some teenager are like I want this no i this these expanse shoes. They are really essence stuff that a lot of teenager want and like some just like to do different thing bought things they should not buy. Kids need to work so they now how much thing are because if are just asking and asking for stuff that's not going to work out wall there going to asking for really expanse things that would not like. Everyone needs to know how many things are and work for it and not ask because that is how they are going to value something. If they buy it with there money they will know and how they need to take care of it and not buy high price stuff. They more that kids start working and not asking there parent it would be better because the kids would be done. I am working and I like to save my money because I can buy stuff that i need or anything but if someone buys me something I am going to value it because they took there time to come and bought something for me. Like I did I bought my friend some pair of air pod and I bought my self some pair but when I gave it to him, I said here is the pair of AirPods that I got you for Christmas I wish you the best. It was better if bought him the pairs of AirPods and not someone eyes. He was so happy that I bought him a pair of AirPods and I was his first girlfriend to and know that I am moving I told him and got sad. He told me I am very valued to him because I am always there for him, and he is always there for me too. My value is my sister and my friend RJ because of him i found my true love. He makes me happy every day I get to do a lot of really different experts and do fun things with him outside the school. He is the best I love him so much in all my heart because of him he has made me happy every day no matter if i Assad or upset or anything.  