Teenagers are really complicated this day's not trying to have an extra 2 hours in school. They want to have school already to be over, so they can do what ever they want to do. They think having school for a little more time is a waste of time. I agree not having school for an extra 2 more hours, it's a problem for us student's. Teacher's have a problem when a student goes to sleep the flip out and start's to scream even the other side of the hallway teacher or student's can hear them. I agree on not having 2 more hours, student not getting enough sleep, also being bored not doing work, and begin stressful. Student's these days are away's sleeping in class saying their not getting enough sleep. When teenagers are not getting enough sleep they start to sleep in class and not do their work. Reason why our teenagers are not getting enough sleep it's because they got their extra 2 hours of school. My teenager leaves the school late and also get home an extra hour late my teenager barley's gets his homework done on time. When it's time to sleep my teenager doesn't sleep why it's because he doesn't feel sleepy at all from coming home late. Student's have a big issue on begin happy and having fun in school. Teenagers are saying if they have an extra 2 hours of school their going to be boring and also not doing their work. Student's will not listen to the teacher of how bored there are in class. Student is not going to follow instruction by the teacher because it's a waste of time. Teenagers have a problem when there are bored they don't follow what the teacher is doing instead they talk to other classmate, so they could be unbowed. Ever since the 2 extra school hour started student are having trouble to keep up to turn in their class work. Teenagers are really worried to get their grade's up on time. Student's trying their best to turn in any late classwork they have for the teacher's. Teacher's worry's about their student why aren't they getting enough sleep. Teenagers parent are stared to realizing an extra 2 hours are stressing their student's. Teacher are tried of seeing their student's sleeping in class. Student's not following instruction on what the teacher is saying because their bored. Student's having more hours in school are getting stressful.  