Do people ever told that having a positive attitude is the key to success in life ? Well, that true for you to be success in life you got to have a positive attitude .when you're talking around attitude is how we act, talk, and how we deal with thing that are happening. Say that person you are working with and the person next to you do or says something that is not so great, and let say that you were really mad and very upset about, and you choose not to fight or talk back to him/her. In my preview I would say you act base on what happen, and you had a positive attitude about what just happen. Attitude can be a big problem for some people, and Sometimes you just need to have a positive attitude. When your thoughts think that positive attitude is the key to success will you not wrong, I know that when you choose to have a positive attitude it depends on what going on and how you want to handle the matter. For example, you are on your way to the school, and you meet one of the teacher let say Mrs. Jade, will Mrs. Jade asks if you are okay, and she asks you if you are going to come to school because you have many days of absent at school, and say that you have your own personal problems, and you just don't want to tell her about it. So you decide not answer her because you are not in a good mood, and you might talk to her rudely and she would think that you have an attitude or bad behavior and thought if I have problem with her or be rude to her, it would be the worse, so I will not say anything. That would it, and you would just kindly walk way. Attitude can be anything in life attitude is not just the way you treat other it can be how you manage things and how you think and act with a positive attitude. When you think back it can also be something that create your connection with those who are in your surroundings. For example when you meet a for the first time, and you were nice to them everything about you was positive, and you were did not hind anything from her and that person might draw a liking into you. And you might end up being their friends or bests. The thing of having positive attitude is that many people might not act the same way as you, so you have to be the one being positive. People say a beautiful heart comes from in and out of that person. It the same thing with having a great positive attitude when think about it people do and say what they want to say and no one is stopping them. So with positive attitude is the same way people do it because they want to and even if you say that you want to stop them I don't think that you would do it. Because it is their choice to do what they want to do. Say when you want to eat can anyone stop you and if not then why would they stop you from what you're doing. These things we do it so that our life can be great base on what we see we act, make choice, and choose the right or wrong that why everything we do in this world we do it with positive attitude. And think about when you are making choices do you have to be a greater thinker or smart no all you have to do is have a great idea and a positive attitude to it when you say it because sometimes thing are easy said then done .when a person is saying something or doing something they have a way of doing and saying that this day .when people are talking they use attitude to do or say something, and you have to away think that you the only one doing but sometimes it not just you might be the other way around, and you might say oh, so that how it's done. What l'm saying is that positive attitude can be a good thing to those who know what it means to them and why they are having it. Have you ever meet a person they're so nice to you when nobody is around, but when people are around they act so mean to you, and some people are really nice to you, because they mean it, and they want to be your friend and when you at some of these thing does have something to do with positive attitude and most of them just put on an act and when you the one they're doing this to sometimes you don't if having positive attitude or not everybody knows what we do in the future, but I know one thing for sure. That if you have a positive attitude, The future clear for sure because when you about the future the only thing that comes to mind is how are success and all you need is positive attitude and focus on what you can do because believing is living. And if you believe you have to have that positive attitude going, because once you start a journey one can never stop until it's end, Positive attitude can be the thing that can help you do what others can't do, if you ask why it because you have a life and that most of the people in the world need positive attitude so that they can have a peaceful life and one most never stop until you find what you're looking for. Having a good attitude can not only be the key to success in life, but it can help you be a wonderful person. Being kind to someone, helping people, and making people about you happy, and it can also make you happy. Why, because you have a positive attitude and when you success in life you will be happy. The thing is when talking about positive attitude can be the key to success in life, is like you are talking about happiness is a wonderful thing that happen in a world and make people happy. So when saying key to success in life your talking about how you act, respect, what you do?, and how will your success in it when you're looking for positive attitude so that you can success. There are not a lot of people who have a positive attitude in this world, but there are people who are bringing positive attitude in this world. When you think about success in life do you think it would be great if everyone had the chance to be success in life, but to be fair life is supposed to be hard that way we can learn from our mistakes. Positive attitude help you be success in life, because we live we learn everyone is a learner in this world. Because no one is perfect or wonderful forever.