In my opinion people should seek guidance from experts and authorities about life's important matter instead of making their own decisions. A few people may not agree, but I personally strongly agree with my opinion is very important. I believe asking and sharing our ideas lead us to making better decisions. Here are three reasons why seeking guidance from experts and authorities is better than making positions on your own. In addition, confusion is one of the most common reasons why people end up making bad desistion. A lot of people might not know what it is going on or how to make a good decision because it is probably their first time going through a situation they have never been in. I was not in a position to make my own desistions, because I was young and confused on what was going well until I asked someone for help, but when I started making my own desitionsionsAlso, it leads you to do better when you communicate with others and gives you a better understanding on why making your decision with others helps you out more. When I began to speak out about my decisions to my closest friends, and they helped me make me feel that I was not going through it alone, and they always made sure that the decision I understand the decision I was taking before even making my next move. It honestly helped me a lot. Furthermore, it makes your life less stressful. You talked about what you were stressing about instead of bottling It all up. It is like some stresses relive. For example, you have a big heavy backpack full of books inside and when you get some out the way, you take some books out, and the backpack feels less heavy. I would feel relive on talking about what was stressing me out when I had to make a decision, because it is hard. In conclusion, Not only do you make a decision but you understand, you communicate, and you feel relived about your decision. In the end of the day you would feel not only good about your decision but sure about yourself and the people around you. These were the three reasons on why you're talking to experts and authorities about life is important.  