Do you think technology is helpful ? I think Technology allows people to do much stuff and I think its positive because that way if you have to go buy grocery you can just go grocery shopping online something else why I think it is positive is because people can also work from home like lets say if you work in an office you can use your laptop so that is what I think about this. For example when my sister feels sick or does not have time to go grocery shopping she goes online, and she gets her grocery delivered in front of the house. Another reason why I think it is positive because let's say if you don't drive and need a ride you can download the app Uber and get yourself a ride to go where you would like to go. Another reason is if you need to clothe shopping there are no worries because you can also go online and see what you want to buy if you don't have time to go in the store to see what u need you can always go online. Something else is you do not have to go to the book store because you can read online and even check out books. You can basically do everything online pay your payments so much stuff these are some reasons why I think technology has been positive in peoples lives. Also, another good reason is my grandma lives in Generic_City, and now we can also FaceTime her from a different country thanks to technology. One reason why it could be negative because if people order stuff and don't go out to buy something in the store they are not getting enough exercise, and they are just being really lazy. Another reason why it could be a negative is nowadays people don't even talk face to face all they do is either text call stuff like for example when I go over my grandmas house for any holidays my cousins they don't communicate all they do is sit there be on their phones these are some negative reasons. So these are some reasons why I think technology is positive nowadays. Another good example is when I go to Generic_City or traveling anywhere what my older sister does is she checks us in so that way we don't have to wait in the big line at the airport, and we already have our seats picked so that is also a good thing. Like I said in the top paragraph in my position technology has been really helpful for people. You can really do anything with your phone you can also pay with Apple Pay if you leave your wallet at home that is something you can do pay with Apple Pay. 