Some school offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way online or video conferencing. Other school don't offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home because that's not a great way to learn. Desagree:. Other school don't offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home because that's not a great way to learn.1: Students wouldn't benefit being able to attend classes from home because if they don't understand something who can help them.2: Distance learning is not the best way to learn because you need some school to learn what you need to know like student that you are.3: If you take classes from home you can learn but if you take the classes directly from some school that one is the best way that you to learn. Other school don't offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home because that's not a great way to learn because students wouldn't benefit being able to attend classes from home because if they don't understand something who can help them, distance learning is not the best way to learn because you need some school to learn what you need to know like student that you are and If you take classes from home you can learn but if you take the classes directly from some school that one is the best way that you to learn. Some school offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way online or video conferencing because for some students that's the best way to take their classes but for other student is not the best way because some students have to work after school, and they have other responsibilities to do like the people who came to this country from another country and don't live with their parents these guys have to work and study at the time so that's why I think is not benefit to attend classes at home. For example the people who came to this country, they came for a better future, better opportunities, and they need to learn a new language and that's not easy for everybody some people learn very quickly but other people not.classes by way online that's great for some student because they have a great idea and reasons to take classes from home for example some student have child, and they have to care about their baby's, so they can't go to school for them that's a great opportunity to study and do what they want, this people just need motivation to keep going, and they can gain their goals. I think students they don't be benefit attend classes from home because at home they have too many things that can be distracted for them with things like electronic devices, or persons like children's, and any other distract thing. Video conferencing that's good form to learn for some people who want to attend classes from home but if you have any question or any dude you can't ask this video that's why I think that the best way to learn is going to school and work hard every day to do and study what we want to do in the future, we have our future in our hand if we do any bad thing some day we pay for that, always we have to think and be sure for what we want and do. In this life everything the do to somebody good or someday that thing comeback to you and there would you feel what other people someday fool for your fault. The old people who have experience in life they said to students keep going ''if you want you can...''