Can you imagine how students will be so smart if they had extra help outside of class like an after school homework club? I believe that having an after school homework club is a good way to help students succeed. I will talk about how student will succeed from this, I will explain how they develop when they have a homework club, and my personal experience. Student will highly improve when they are in an After school homework club because student will comprehend even better while they are doing there homework with people that can help them. In my belief this is a good way to help kids not just with there homework, but kids will improve on understanding skills. They will learn how to learn things differently if they do not understand. Student will pass more tests and have better chances of getting to college and take this world in a good direction. I truly believe that helping kids with school work is the base for themselves and this world. Kids from k-12 will develop as they go. They can develop even better when they have help around them. Kids are bright and smart they have fresh minds, and can hold things in their minds. If kids can have the 100% help they will just be absolutely geniuses they will be better than the person that thought them. If kids can have academic growth10% a year without help imagine what they could do if they had a homework club where like I said where they can be talented. When I was in 5th grade, I was kid that loved math, but I was not very good at it. So my teacher suggested for me to join the homework club after school. At first, I was not happy about it but then once I started to go I loved it because understood math even better I kept getting in the upper 90 with test scores, I had the most lessons done on a math program that is called Think trough math. I became a student helper at the homework club, and I am now a smart intelligent math student. When I get to high school I will volunteer at the homework clubs at and go help kids for my own good and because I love to help people. These are all the reasons why I believe that having an after school homework club is important to students improvements. I will continue to volunteer in helping kids academically. Like we all know youth is the future of this world. I truly believe there are so many kids out there in the world that need help, and they are smart, but they can not get it because there is no one that pays attention to it. There will change to that may be not in my lifetime, but I will do what ever I can to get kids from around the world education and help where they can develop and be the best they can be.  