Why does the curfews are important in some cities and state for teenagers? The importance's of having curfews in the cities is that they will be out of trouble. Sometimes teenagers not follow the law especially on weekend. Having the curfew in the city will be more helpful for their life. Curfew keeps teenagers out of trouble because teenagers will always follow the law, and teenagers will never put them salve in trouble that may hurt them some way. Firstly, Curfew keeps teenagers out of trouble because teenagers will always follow the law. For instance, Generic_Name lives in Generic_City Virginia, and he said that the law here is after 10 p. m. teenagers should not be on streets or anywhere else. He always follow the law and keep him self out of trouble. If the city adopted the curfew after that the teenagers will start breaking the law after these hours. Therefore, every state and city should require curfew for teenagers. Secondly, Curfew keeps teenagers out of trouble because teenagers will never put them salve in trouble that may hurt them some way. For example, My two friends went outside to have some fun, and it was weekend. Saturday night there were out to get some ice-cream for them salve and family. The police stop them in their half way and asked them about what are they doing at this time outside;however, he said that you guys know that the curfew is after 10 p. m. teenagers should not be outside. They lied to police that we were in hospital with our mom, and in our way we bought some ice-cream also. Thus, teenagers never put them salve in trouble so having curfew is much better than not having it. Some people argue that, having curfew in a city or state is wrong because they think it's interfering in young people's lives. This point is true that curfew keeps teenagers from getting in trouble. However, curfew can save teenagers lives because in this age they don't know wrong and right they do what they like, and what they are interested. Curfew unfairly interfere in young people's lives because some teenagers have their own rules, and they don't listen to anyone. Lastly, cities should have curfew to safe teenagers lives and do not adopt the curfew. In conclusion, the importance's of curfew is to have a better and safe life in your city. Teenagers have the ability to follow the law and get safe of trouble. Some teenagers do not put their self in trouble even if they lie they never get in trouble. Some people say that curfew is a force on young people's lives. Therefore, teenagers should be responsible, follow the law, and keep yourself out of trouble.