Why they are thought students should have classes from home by way of online or video conferencing? Many of the students home is too far and maybe can't come or is come let. All schools should have this option for students. This is make easy for some students. First, some students wanna to stay home for classes this is good thing because you can forces carefully and take you time and nobody can't make you obsess. Some students maybe just need focus to classes, and he can't do in schools, and he wants to be school home. For Example; We have friend family him name is Generic_Name, Generic_Name wanted to be home school and do work in home. He does like to come school early. He told him Mother and Father, but they are is not agree with him because they say you have to go school, and you can learn better, and he does not have any option, and he starts to go school. Second, the student want to stay home school they should now home school make your lazy because you don't have any activity to do you stay home all time. For friendship, you can't find good friend. This is make you unfriendly. For the class maybe you not understand what teachers mean, and you have some question. For Example;Generic_Name she is school home and she all time in home she doesn't have any friend she talks with her mother and father and her mother father is agree with she and she start to go school, and she finds a lot friend, and she understands better than before. Lastly, some teachers like to teach online and I think this is good option to for teachers because maybe teachers can teach better and maybe can forces better than in class. Some teachers go to students home for the teaching just for one student and focus to just one student. For Example;Generic_Name every Thursday have teacher she come every Thursday in Generic_Name home, and she was help to Generic_Name to all homework. She talks to Generic_Name about home teacher is good then teacher in school because you focus just for one student but in school you focus just for maybe twenty students this is to hard for me. Studnets, should go schools this is not matter do you want to go home school or normal school. Some students have some physically problem I think they are needed home schools because is easy then school because in school maybe somebody push and like some accident. For the physically students schools home is good because they can learn early, and they can because better and nobody bosses. Some students, need to go school for the understanding better. Some students need to go school because if they are stayed in home, and they want home schools maybe in not listen to teacher or make copy. For friendly some people are unsocial and need to make friend in school. Think school good option for this students.