Do I agree with Churchill"s statement about the important role that failure plays in the pursuit of success? In my opinion I do agree with his statement because everyone fails at something in life. There's so many people that fail in the world and I definitely agree with Churchill's statement because I think it really says a lot about life in general it's not easy. One reason is because I believe that everyone goes through some type of failure in life and I feel like that's the only way you learn from anything. I also think that people that fail are people that succeed at what they failed at. That's the only way you learn from anything for example people can fail at taking a test or playing a sport. Not everything people do the first means there going to succeed which isn't always the case. I feel like when people fail that's when they can take the time and realize why they failed they learn from that mistake and the next time an opportunity comes for them to try again they can try there best and succeed. Trying your hardest is the best way to deal with a lot of things that's the only way to succeed in your best way. Another reason I agree with this statement is because life isn't easy there are a lot of challenges you're going to come upon and all you have to do is try and if you fail the first time then there's always going to be another opportunity around the corner. What I think Churchill is trying to get at people is never give up, and he's trying to say that it's okay if you fail the first time you try something there's always going to be another chance to prove yourself, and you can succeed at that goal or test you have in school or something like that. Iv'e failed many times in my life and on the second try I succeeded so Churchill has a point when he says that it's okay to fail in life because that failure prepares you to be better than you were the last time. That is why I agree with this statement because I believe they everyone deserves a second chance to prove themselves and what they are capable of. Churchill's statement should really speak to people and people should take it into consideration because there's always a time in life when you are going to fail, and you are going to get a second chance at it again. I do completely agree with this statement because it makes you look at life and everything differently and in a better way that is why I agree with Winston Churchill.  