I agree this statement about the importance of attitude. However, you always need to be a positive person. To be successful in life, you need to be positive and believe in yourself first. Do not listen what people say and don't let them tell you what to do. Believe in yourself and don't take care about what they say and think about you. To start, to be successful you always need to have a positive attitude, the negativity will not take you anywhere. If you have a positive attitude, you will have everything you want in life. Also, if you're a negative person it will not help you in anything. When you are a negative person you can not get what do you really want. If you want to get everything you want in life, you need to have a positive attitude. It doesn't matter what you have done for it, you always have to be positive and believe in yourself to have success. Next, if you want to have success in life, you always need to have a positive attitude and a good vibe about yourself. You have to believe in yourself before something else. You are the only person who can be believed in yourself, and nobody else is going to do it for you. Every time you have something done for your success, think that you are going to get it, and always be positive. Do not let anybody ruin what do you want to be that successful person in the future. Finally, if do you want to be successful in life, the only thing you need is believe in yourself. Do not listen what people say and think about you. Listen to your mind and your heart, they are going to tell you what is good for you. People will always judge you, it doesn't matter what you do. Don't let people to ruin your success, and believe in that you are going to be a successful person in the future, and you are going to get what do propose to yourself, it is up to you. In addition, to be a successful person in life, you need to have good vibes and a positive attitude on you. Do not let people to tell you what to do when you already know what is good for you. If you let people to tell you what to do, you're not going to get nowhere. In life, nobody wants you to have success, they don't want you to be in a better place than them. The only thing I can say is that you always need to have a positive attitude and believe in yourself before something else, that's how are you going to have success in life.