Why positive attitude is important in our life? People should have a positive attitude on their life. Specially on the work place, school, and home. But some people think that positive attitude is not that much important. It's important because they can make positive decisions, they people around them on work place will be good with them, and student with positive attitude can be respectful with their teachers and other students.First, people with a positive attitude can make a positive decisions on their life. Because, if a person have positive thought and attitude they can good think, and they can decide to have convention with good people. And all parents wants to teach their child to have good attitude with everyone, and they want to their child respect them. And everyone like mother, father, brother, sister, friends will proud on them.no matter where you are going, which communication you life, just be a positive with people and with yourself it will success you. Moreover, the people around them on the work place will be good with them. Because everyone likes to be with a person that has a good and positive attitude. And to being good with each others. A person can have a good attitude and respect with people whom work with them. And you can save you job by being good and positive. If you work somewhere, and you have bad attitude nobody will loves you, and they will never want to conversion with you. Being positive on work place. Finally, students with their positive attitude can be respectful with their teachers and other students. And also teachers will help and support them a lot. And students also learn in school to have positive attitude and teacher always telling to students if they have a negatives' attitude, what's doing to happen with and if they have positives attitude, what's going to happen with them. Student by having negative attitude, they will lose everything on their life. Just try to be positive by doing positive thing you will feel good. It's good to have a positive attitude. And being success on your life. The attitude not going to change anything on your life, but the positive attitude can change one thing on your life that's a success you on your life. In life one thing is more important is to keep people around you. And how are you going to keep them? By having positive attitude you can keep them. In my conclusion by having a positive attitude and being nice to make your life easier.  