School is a very important part in a person's life, however it takes away most of student's and teacher's day. In a normal public middle school in Maryland, a student first class starts at 8:15 in the morning and the last class ends at 3:00 pm. Which means that a student spends 7 hours and 25 minutes in school, that is a long time for a person to be receiving information nonstop. The school board should not extend the school day, because that would take time away from activities that students need or will need in the future, such as: students would have less time to do homework or study, students would have less time to participate in after school activities like sports, and students would have less time to volunteer in community events. Students would have less time to do homework or study. Students already spends more than seven hours at school and usually has 6-8 classes that last 45 minutes each from those 6-8 classes at least3 would have assigned homework to the students which means that the students would need time to complete their homework with accuracy, if the school days were extended students would have less time to complete their homework which means that their grade might go decrease for missing assignments. Students would have less time to participate in after school activities such as sports, or clubs. Every healthy person should exercise for at least 1 hour per day and at school not every student takes physical education (P.E.) as a course which leads to the thought that students might not me be getting the necessary amount of exercise per day, and even if a student did take P.E. a normal class lasts 45 minutes, which is not enough for a healthy person. If the school board were to add one and a half hours to the school day students would have less time to practice in an after school team. Clubs are just like sports are a very big thing in a school, clubs shows students opportunities they usually would not get in a school day. If the school board were to extend the school day students that are parts of clubs would probably get less time to spend time in those clubs. Students will have less time to volunteer in community events. Community service is usually a requirement in most curriculums, in experiences I have had to have 75 hours of community service those hours were earned for volunteer work, like helping a teacher with younger students or helping a teacher organize her classroom before the school year, etc.. Those acts were usually done after school and usually took around 2 hours. If the school board were to extend the school day students would have less time to finish their community service and could eventually fail because of not enough volunteering hours. Overall it is just more convenient for the school board to not add any more hours to the school day, so students can have more time for their other activities like sports clubs and community service