Have you ever wondered why teachers encourage working in groups? Working in a group is far more beneficial, as you get to achieve faster, work productively, as well as learn how to work together with people, and sometimes, people you don't get along with. Working in a group can help bring in more thoughts, and bigger ideas, therefore I recommend we start working in groups over working alone. Groups help you get things done faster, as you divide up the work between the members, more things are done at once, for example; while I write up an essay about a project, someone else can design the project! Working in groups can be more thoughtful, while the group discusses the project or work, they are able to combine thoughts and think of more ideas and make the work thoughtful. Groups are also very fun! Have you ever had to work alone and just wasted your time staring at the clock go "TikTok TikTok", because of how boring things are going? In groups, you are able to talk to friends and discuss the project as you go along and work with people you like. Working in groups result in a better job done, as students get to divide the work based off what their good at, helps them make the project or work better. Students in groups are able to help each other by correcting each other' mistakes they are also able to teach their group mates things they don't know as well as share ideas and thoughts together to improve the work or project being made. Often times I see students' struggle but once in group they are always there to help each other improve and that is why working in groups is helpful. It may be argued that students could possibly not get along together in groups, however, once students are forced to work together, they are also forced to get along to achieve and succeed. Something to keep in mind is that in the future, students might have to work with people they don't like, but have to get along with in order to succeed in their job and that's why we should prepare students and teach them to get alone with people. For example; I've had times when I had to work with people that I didn't get along with, but throughout the project we had to work together productively in order to succeed and get a good grade, and since that project we are now best friends. After all, the decision is yours, but I will encourage you to start assigning groups for projects, as it will help get things productively done with less time, and it will also teach students to get along with each other, create friends, and learn how to work as a team. Working in a group is much more beneficial and should start taking place more often.