Having the benefit to work alone or in groups is a good thing. Some say that working alone is much better than working in groups because you get no distraction, you also have more advantage to get more work done on time, and get more time to actually think about your answers and not having to worry about someone telling you different, if your wrong or right. When working in a group, you always end up doing all the work yourself or someone else copies the answer from your work because they didn't wanna work do their part of the work. Working in groups is not always a bad idea but when you end up doing the work yourself then it is. We sometime wanna work with people we hang out with, but in the end you never get work done. Someone is always doing all the work and that's when everybody copies's from that person's work, when they finished the work. To start off, working alone can cause you fewer distractions, and it would also help you concentrate more on your work. For example, my phone brings down a lot of distraction to me, so I put down my phone for a while and concentrate more on doing my work instead of being distracted on my phone and not getting any work done. That's why have fewer distractions and being concentrated more could get you to finish more work on time. Second of all, you also would get more advantage of getting work done on time. You would take your time to actually do the work instead of guessing or rushing to get done first. For instance, if you were working with a group, you would barely get any work done, but if you work alone you could get more work done than what the group would get done. Lastly, you could actually think about your answers and why you choose that answer choice. For instance, if you were working in a group you all wouldn't talk or think about the answer choice, you all would just guess for every question so y'll would be the first ones to be done. When you work alone it's different, you take your time, look over your answer choices and double check to see if that's the correct answer. In conclusion, these are the benefits for working alone and not working with groups, working alone is so much peaceful and easier than having to work with a group and rush your work and guessing on every question. Having to concentrate therefore fewer distractions, also having more time to actually get work done and lastly looking over your answer choices carefully.