This prompt is asking if they should reduce summer vacations because they think it's hard for students to retain information easily after a long break. Summer you can travel with your family to different places and have fun and not to worry about school things. Students should have summer break after months of been at school, and they can take their stress out during the big break and focus on other things outside of school. You can travel to different places or countries to see your loved ones if you haven't seemed them in a long time. Summer is like enjoy myself time because you can do things you can't do while you are in a school year because it's a short time, but summer is like two months break. Students can go to retake classes during the summer if they fail, and they want to recover a credit for a class. Students that play sports would have more fun enjoying playing it because they don't have to worry about anything but stay in shape for their sports, and they have more time to play sports. For the students that like to read a lot they have a lot of time to their self and can spend major of their time at the library reading tons of books. Students that like to travel a lot they can anywhere, and later they can write journal or take pictures and tell their classmates how their summer went. Bad things if they reduce summer break will be more school time. People wouldn't be able to go places because they have to attend to school, and they would have to worry a lot. Most people would be stress from school if they don't have a long break like summer. Summer wouldn't be fun for students because that's when they all gather together, and they have fun and enjoy teasels. I think the school boards should not reduce summer break because you can travel with your family to different places and have fun and not to worry about school things. Students should have summer break after months of been at school, and they can take their stress out during the big break and focus on other things outside of school. You can travel to different places or countries to see your loved ones if you haven't seemed them in a long time. Summer is like enjoy myself time because you can do things you can't do while you are in a school year because it's a short time, but summer is like two months break. Students can go to retake classes during the summer if they fail, and they want to recover a credit for a class. Students that play sports would have more fun enjoying playing it because they don't have to worry about anything but stay in shape for their sports, and they have more time to play sports. For the students that like to read a lot they have a lot of time to their self and can spend major of their time at the library reading tons of books. Students that like to travel a lot they can anywhere, and later they can write journal or take pictures and tell their classmates how their summer went. This is my support and I agree that they shouldn't reduce summer break because it will have everyone go crazy.  