Learning experience from others could help you a lot. The problem is that most people think that learning from others wouldn't help. The reason why learning from the experience from others is, so you could learn from their mistakes, learn what they went through, and how they dealt with it. You learn from peoples mistakes. If you learn from other peoples mistakes you could avoid them. I find it really helpful when I learn from others mistakes. Learning mistakes could help you in life to be successful. My friends make a lot of mistakes which I learn from them. Most people do think making mistakes isn't a good thing, but I think it could help you improve on what you did wrong. What I'm saying is that learning mistakes from others is a good thing. You learn what they went through. Learning what others went through could help you understand people more. Understanding people could help you understand people more. Another reason is that learning what they went through could help you a lot in the future. If you find someone like them, you could help them. You could get close to the person and know them better. Getting to know someone could help you make a friend, which is something everyone needs. Learning from other and what they went through could help you sometime in the future. You could learn different ways on how they solved their problem. When you find out how they solved their problem, it could help you. You could be going through the same thing and might need help or advice. If someone else is going through it, you could help them or give advice. In my opinion, helping others is a big thing in life. You learn that most people could have the same struggle, and they solve it in different ways. I think it's a good thing to know that two people went through the same thing, and had different ways to solve it. In conclusion, you should learn how others deal with their problems. Learning experience form others will help you learn form their mistakes, what they went through, and how they dealt with it. My claim is that you should always learn from others. Learning from others will definitely help you in the future.