" Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm"Former British Prime Minister Winston Churchill once said that "success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm". The thing is that if we're going to do something good we have to failure anyway because for example, we are excited, and we are going with enthusiasm to get a great results, but you never fail in the life and your enthusiasm is up. Success is failure one, two, three time. You are a human without loss enthusiasm is hard because some people have no enthusiasm to do the right things don't have power and are weak when head something bad. I agree with him because to be a successful in the future you're going to failure a lot of time. I have a friend that told me to get success in the life have to fail and don't loss enthusiasm. For me fail in my life is not something awful, but just a little, you can keep getting good without problem. This is an important role because all people can think what they have to do about failure and how they can be separate when their enthusiasm is up and later is down. Failure for me is not a mistake because by those mistake you learn, and can be better person. Some reason to be agreed with him is that is true, you have to fail first and happens what the happens. Some people are not agreed with this statement because they think that if you fail you going to be bad and your enthusiasm going down. Support ideas are not easy because this world have different kind of people with different kind of mind. Good examples to be success is done the best thing and if you fail don't say anything to nobody, just do it and that sit. Some teenagers have the same problems every day because when they are fail they think that something happen going to happen to them, but they are their success to consist of going from failure. In my conclusion I'm going to say that if you want to success in your life is necessary to fail because you learn from experience, you're going to do everything right. For me in my future I'm not going to say nothing about failing because I'm going to be calmly because I knew that with experience could be separate for my problems. We have to be positive each day because you're going to remember all the failure that you had in your past. I think fail is not bad for my life because it's going to be a great experience.  