A positive attitude is the key to success in life. I agree with that. I always have my smile with me, I don't like the people with bad mood or sad. Everybody told I'm the happiest person who see in the world, in my school I have one friend special and she is always said but when she was with me, she always smiles, and the teacher told me when you are with her, she always smiles I never see she is like that and I was like I like the people smile or with good attitude, it's doesn't matter if you have problem you smile, the life is beautiful like for me. I like to make happy the persons that's why I want to work in the hospital with children, I want to make for each other one smile this is my dream and I know I'm going to make it. First when I been 19 years old, and I was in the United States for seven years ago, In my brain had the idea the to be a Citizenship for the United States of America when I'm twenty-one years I'm doing the quiz, is good idea to be Citizenship for two countries. When the day come down I was so nervous because I was like what happen if I'm not pass I was in negative, but my families told you need to be in positive. You do it and to being positive and pass 1 hour later and the people who had my test he told you pass the test I was like I can't believe and my families of outside I said to them, I pass, and they tell me I told you need to be positive in the things you want. Because if you do with bad mood you doesn't understand. Because when you have the opportunity and realistic you do it and be positive. Even though need to be positive because negative is not good for the live. Second realist, when I was in the school in Mexico I want to play soccer because my both brothers likes to play soccer and me too, so my brother ask me a question you want to play soccer in your school and I was like yes y want it, so my brother want to see in the school how can I play soccer, and he's do the paper for the school and two weeks later I go for the first time to coach I was exciting, and three months for practice, and then for the last three months we had the first game and I was make a goal and for the third game some girls hit me with a ball and when I was running I had billed my leg i I go the hospital and the doctor told I can't play more because my leg was so bad if I had other bill probably my leg go so bad and the doctor and my families doesn't want to play more, but my old brother give me to the specialist doctor for my leg because I was so sad for not play and doe's like how I'm looks like, so for one year for treatment now I can't play. Third, it's doesn't matter if you have problem you smile, the life is beautiful like for me. I like to make happy the persons that's why I want to work in the hospital with children, I want to make for each other one smile this is my dream and I know I'm going to make it, I always have my smile with me, I don't like the people with bad mood or sad. Everybody told I'm the happiest person who see in the world, in my school I have one friend special and she is always said but when she was with me, she always smiles, and the teacher told me when you are with her, she always smiles I never see she is like that and I was like I like the people smile or with good attitude.  