You can be a good musician or a good soccer player but in order for you to get better at what you do, In order for you to be successful in life, In order for you to win a competition or a race you have to try to do something beyond what you have already mastered. My name is Generic_Name. I attend Generic_School and I am a student athlete, i play soccer and football and based on my experience in these sports I agree with Author Ralph Waldo Emerson. I have three main reasons why I agree Author Emerson, and the first reason is to get better at what you are doing you have to take bigger steps. In order for me to get better at football and soccer, I have to try to do something beyond what I used to do. I take personal Fitness in school and my goal is to get stronger, but I cannot get stronger if I keep on lifting the same weights I can not I get stronger if am always benching the same weight. My second reason is that, it helps you win a race or in other words it can help you win a competition. It is just like Uber competing with Lyft, they both good at what they do but in order for Uber to gain more customers they have to try to do something that is beyond what they have mastered. I play as a striker in soccer and I play as cornerback in football but am not the only striker on the soccer team and am not the only cornerback on the football team so in order for me to start on the team I have to work harder than I used to. My third reason is it will help you be successful in life. I just found out that the owner of Amazon started in a garage, when I first heard I told myself that he wouldn't be successful if did not take bigger steps in life and even though he is successful he is still taking bigger steps. Also, Trump had everything he wanted cars, money, houses but still wanted to compete with Clinton for the presidency. Let's use an iPhone for instance, the more they keep on upgrading it the more they gain more customers. A lot of successful entrepreneurs took bigger steps by getting a loan to start their business. Some people will say you don't have to try to do something beyond what you have mastered, you just have to try to do new things but trying new things does not help you grow because how is adding another workout to my old workout making me stronger?, I have to increase the weight to make me stronger or how am I gaining more customers or how am I growing or how is my business growing if am still working from a garage?, in order for my business to grow or for me to gain more customers I have to take some bigger steps like getting loan to find a new place. I agree with Author Emerson because you can be perfect in what you do, you can be perfect in life, but you have to try to do something beyond what you have already mastered to keep you growing.