The success can consist from failure to failure. Sometimes life is hard but never loss your enthusiasm. Not everything in life is going to be great as you planned. From your mistakes you learn something new or how can you success in something that you fail. You always need to think positive doesn't matter if you fail and fail again but you're going to have success in your life just believe that you can do it. First, Many times in your life you will feel like you cannot do it anymore but never give up you have to keep going until you reach your goal. Life can be hard, and you can fail many times but never loss your faith. Your enthusiasm and your faith for what you want to reach is going to be your better weapons in your success. Never loss your enthusiasm because, you can reach your success, but nothing in life is always easy. Second, Mistakes or failure are good in life because, that's is what teach you what you are doing wrong or what can you do for reaching your success. I know many people that had been in many mistakes or failures, but they never give up, and they had been patience to be successful in life. Sometimes people think if they fail one time, they cannot do it better next time or improve. Your failure, is not always bad as you think it is. Third, People sometimes fail, and they are close from reach their goals or they success, but they think that everything is done. If you believe in your self that you can do it, and you have faith everything will be possible in your life. People think that an obstacle in your life will be an excuse to not keep going and reach your success. Sometimes you have to pass for many obstacles in your life because like I said life is not easy and every success need sacrifice. Finally, In life to have success you have to work hard and sacrifice in order to reach your success. Failure is a big obstacle in your life because, it can make you to give up and not try or continue reaching your goal or success. Faith, believe in your self, pray for what you want and work hard these are some fact that can keep pushing you for your success. If you think you cannot do something that you never have done, and you are scared to fail just try, doesn't matter if you do it wrong, but you are going to learn what you cannot do next time. Failure help you to pursuit your success, and it's something that all humans we have to do because we are not perfects.  