It was wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing for our gale or accomplish. I personally agreed with the" Thomas Jefferson wrote." Determine never to be idle" It is not good when you are not doing much work. Don't be UN idle. I support my idea with several reasons.First, I personally agreed with the Thomas Jefferson wrote. If you use your time properly, time is very important in your life you will be productive day use your time. For example, I must be weak up in the morning do my exercise every day. I will be healthy It is very important when you have a good healthy. After that you will be managing your time for the hole day by fishing your time. Then I go on time my school. Because to have a good skill is very important. "Knowledge is a power" I will get my a good education. Also, I go to my job and make my money in the meantime. For these reasons when use your time that will be a good productive day makes you happy. I heat to be seated and watching TV all day and play game. Second, I am very happy for making someone happier or helping. Because on my extra time I always go to the library and working as a voluntary helper for some people need help. Also, what ever I have information I shard with people and give a good information then make them happier. In addition, I always go with the alimentary school when they have school trip. Helping for the teacher. Especially, working with the kids it is fun and having a good time when I help the kids it makes me happy. Third, you will be a successful and accomplish your life. When you work hard you will have a good life for the rest of your life. At the same time all your family have a good life. In addition, Life is short you need to be work hard don't be rune slowly it is good to be not idle. The more you work, the more get success. Eventhough, sometimes have a difficult time never give up you have to be strong and continue to do something. Also, when you have a bud habit avoid as soon as a possible to be a successful person. Incounuclsion, It was wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing the right way. It is not good running slowly or not doing much work. You should be work hard and discipline for every thing. That's way I agree with the wonderful Idea' Thomas Jefferson wrote'"Determine never to be idle.