Asking more than one person for and advice help you take a strong choice? Seeking for multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice. Example presidential election, requires someone opinion and choosing a restaurant to eat at and place to visit. There's good and bad opinion but pick one or two or more but choose one the help you make a great decision. First many us citizen are required to vote. Many of them would have different opinion about who is the best candidates. Positive and negative opinions would be circulating about the candidates, but you can ask more than person what they think about the candidates there be interesting opinion and some not so interesting think about what the many opinions you hear and think about the one the got you thinking the most. On the other hand lots of people love going out to eat. Many people try new places to eat at some may hear good or bad opinion about a place but until you try it you can't tell your self is great or bad. Sometimes Google lets you see other people opinion the other people leaved about a certain place. To be honest my dad does this sometimes he goes online and search is up the place and then looks at the rate the place have and the comment as a result of the deadly norovirus (Covid-19) lots of people have decided not to travel. But there's certain people that just love to travel many of the occasion people travel to a place because they hear good thing about a place. For example that's how me and my family hear of Lego land my aunt tell my dad that this place was so amazing me and my family we have been a big fan o Lego and we really dint know this place existed. Finally sometimes people have positive and negative opinion about something or someone but is you job to find out the one the makes you fell like "this is the one" many people their own believed that's why you may hear different opinion. Have you ever asked for more than one opinion? I actually have that was gone I wasn't sure which suit to put in a red or black suit so ask my mom dad and sister they tell me the best suit was the black one.  