Do people accomplish more if they are always doing something, or does inactivity also serve a purpose? Olympic people did not just sit at home and got an Olympic Golden medal for nothing, they worked hard to achieve their goals. Yes, you always have to do something to become to succeed person that you want to become, to reach and achieve your goals, and to stay active and social with others. In my native country of Generic_City people always work hard, to get money, feed their families, and also teach their kids how to succeed in school and other athletic stuff, with the bad community that we have in their. As well as here a lot of people study and work hard to succeed. For example, at Generic_school we have a cooking class, they always push us forward and try to teach us new methods how to cook and seasoning the food, that gives a huge opportunity for the students who want to do it for living in the future. Another reason, is that it will be twice as hard if you say I want to achieve this goal at the end of this semester, but you are not working to improve your self to achieve it. This is problem that everyone has, like on our swimming team I had a really difficult goal to achieve, I started to push my self to the limit and work as hard as everyone else just to achieve it. And at the end of the season I did achieve it, which was to get a time that under 35:00 seconds, I shock myself and made my coach proud of me be achieving it.Finally, by working outside, or joining an athletic team, or vising an old friend it's another perfect way to staying active and social with others, and talking to other people is another great way to solve a lot of problems, specially when you are sad or having a bad time. Other's may think that staying not active for a bit or at all is a good way, they think that because having a time alone with yourself kind of make you think what is happening around you, However, if you fill your time with friends and activities that you like to do, you will not feel want to be alone because you will have a good friends all over you all the time, and they will help you to reach the goals that you want to achieve.