Yes I think the students are benefit because they don't need to come to school just what they have to use is a computer. And I think is better because you can do more thinks in you home you can help your family. And you have time to work, and you can study in the same time. And they can make money because after you done with the high school if you want to continue in the university. And you have money you can continue. And if you come to school you have time to work. And if you study from you home you have time to study and so more think. Because a lot of people don't came to school because they need money to buy food and pay his rent because they don't take help from his family. For my example I came to school because my family help me but a lot of people from others country came to this country, and they don't have family here so they wanna study but they want to help his family and his county and if a lot of school have the program what you can take class from you home I think is better because you can do a lot of thinks for example I know a lot of people they wanna study, but they need to work, so they say they can't study and work in the same time, so they have to take one of two option, so they have to pick one, and they say they wanna work because if they go to school they can't make money and if they work they can buy his food, and they can pay the rent for example I have one cousin he was in school, and he needs just one year to graduate but when he was in school his mom said he needs to work because she doesn't want to pay his rent anymore, and he leaves the school, and he dedicated just to work because he need to pay his rent and if school have the program he can work, and he can study too that one is too sad because he need just one more year to graduated, and he doesn't graduate because he need to pay his rent they's want I think is a lot of school have the program they help a lot of gusher is one more example a lot of people live in mountains and the bus don't go, so they don't have transportation, so they don't come to school that is sad because maybe they wanna study, and they can't come. I know people in West Virginia. They don. T go school because the school is like 1 hours, and they don't have transportation. And if all the school in United States have the program they can help a lot of families and they can open a lot of doors for the people. Here is another example I have one friend. He come to school just one or two days per week. Because he needs to work. Because he said he has to work because he doesn't have money for buy food and pay rent in the same time that is sad because he said I want to graduate but I can't because i have to work for pay my rent and buy my thinks. And if schools have the program they can help him to do his go. I meet one friend in Walmart last week I play for soccer team in Generic_City. And I was with my short that say varsity in the form of the short. And the guy said hey in think I know you and I said where you saw me. And he said in Generic_City and. He asks me if I'm in Generic_City now and I said yes and you and said I'm not in school anymore. And I said why, and he said because immigration took my parents, and they send to my country and I'm alone in this country so I need to work for pay a lot of think. And he said i want to study but I can't because I can't do two thinks in the same time. And said my go is work with police and I said hey wanna you don't study in the day and work in the night, and he said I can't because I have to help my parents in Honduras because id I don't send money to then they can buy food.my mom maybe love if I take class online because she work all day. If I take class online and can help her to do think in my home because she goes to work in the morning at 7 am, and she came back at 5 pm and the end she goes to the part-time, and she come back at 11:45 pm and if I take class online I can wok too and I can help her with think in the home and money to pay a rent she is too old. There are some kids that don't go to school, having the school next to then, but there is a lot of people out here that are thing to go to school or at less take online classes, but they can't because they have to work some people even have two jobs.