I agreed think it's a good idea for the students to start a specific career young, because you can be getting early experience to working in a certain field that their future career my requirement.It's good to choose a career now instead of later because reaching early adulthood with no planned career in mind, because you may have a certain job that you may not like since you didn't plan ahead for your dream career, and you be stuck with a 9-5 job. With things like finishing high school and not going into college to further your education for that dream job you want will make your chances of getting the job you want scarce or even impossible.2. What makes It worse Is, not having the diploma required for that certain job which means you could end up in community college again re-taking class for your job you didn't decide to choose while in high school.3. And another thing I've seen Is having one career not work out, and a person ends up not having a backup plan for their second career. Adding to that some of these careers require years of school some specific schools like law school or going to a school for doctors. I don't agree with choosing a career early in high school, because most high school students don't know what they want to be, or they don't have a career in mind at the moment. Students should not be required to take a career path so early, when they have yet to experience their first job or paycheck. And not having any interest in the job offers that are shown to them on the application. Most students are young, and requiring them to have a career plan will end up having them feel like they will be rushed, into doing things like going to career interest fairs choosing what he's interested in and why and talking about with others and what things he or she will need to do.2. Some high schools care about future jobs they want while most don't so most will not care about their future career and just choose a random career to get started on because they don't know what they like.3. Some high school students genuinely do not care about school or their own career, so they just drop out mainly because they don't like high school and want to do other "things" outside of school adding to that there could be a stress level that is being put on high school kids thinking about the future instead of enjoying the present. So in conclusion students should have their own decision on weather they want to have a career plan now or later.