Do you like to extend your school hours? I think extending the school hours do your life easier because you don't have to do homework at home. You can do your homework in the school, and you can ask for help. I agree with extending the school day because I like to go to the school, and you have more time to stay with your family because you don't have to do your homework. My first reason is I like to extending the school day because when the teachers give you homework you can do it in the class, and I like it because you can have more time to stay with your friends. By this I mean, when I come back to my home I don't have to do any homework because I do my homework in the school and I can go outside and play with my friends. This is why is good to have more hours of school. For example, one day I was in the school, and my science teacher give me so much homework, she told me I need to do projects, quizzes, and extra work, but I told her I can't do it because I don't have internet at home and I can't do my homework in the school because I don't have so much time because the school end early. I go to the school principal and I asked him if he can extend the school day because many students need more time to do their homework and then a few weeks ago he told me," I want to expend the school days because I was thinking, and you are right." I feel happy At that moment because I will have more time to do my homework and pass the grade. Conclusion, extending the school hour can help you to do your homework and missing work, and you don't need to do it at home. My second reason is I like to have school hours because you have more time to eat and when you do your testes you can study one hour and not is a matter because you still have time to do your test. By this I mean I have more time to eat my lunch and talk with my friends in the cafeteria, and when I have testes I do it with more calm, and I don't stressful because I have time to do my test. To illustrate, I was in the school, and I was doing my math test, and I was so hungry, and I asked my teacher if I can eat, and he said" No because we don't have a lot of time, and we need to finish the test." I was so mad because I was hungry, and we don't have time to eat. When the test finished we go to ate, and then we have to go to another class, but I was so tired because them don't give us time to rest. To wrap up, you need to have time for everything and do the thing with calm. Is good if the school extend the school hours because you have time for doing your homework, your quizzes, or your projects. To wrap up, the school need to extend the school day because like this every student will have time to do what they need to do in their classes, and they don't have to worry about the homework in their houses. I feel if the school extend the hours should be great and more peaceful because you can because you can do your work and other things with more tranquility. I think if in your school extend the school hours you have more time to do your homework, and you can have more time to stay with your family.