Did you know that the Bahamas is one of the most wonderful places in the world? One place that I would like to visit is the Bahamas. Bahamas has one of the most incredible views in the world for example the oceans and their colorful fishes they have in, the wonderful long mountings, and the breezy weather they have there with the colorful tasty food. There are so many activities you can choose to do there for example mounting climbing, food competitions, dancing, and swimming. Some places don't have these types of activities, food, and weather. The Bahamas is expensive, and its one of the most expensive places, but it is worth it to go there for fun and entertainment. Some people would rather waste their money on other fun place for example Paris, Germany, and Italy. One thing that I would like to see when I get to the Bahamas is the wonderful culture of the Bahamas. After seeing the culture I would climb the mounting all day to just see the view from the mounting, and to see the colorful plants. Visiting the Bahamas could help me lose my stress, and help me learn more about the cultures, and more about the language. Have you ever thought of what new skills you can learn from just visiting a new place? Some people learn new skills when they visit a new place for example cooking, climbing, skiing, and biking. One talent that I would like to learn or become better at it is biking. I love biking that why I choose this talent, and could get on a biking team if I become better at it. Bahamas could help me because of its large safe streets some places don't have these types of streets and some do. I could bike throughout the whole city without getting hit by a car. Have you ever asked your self what is it like to live in the Bahamas? I would like to live in the Bahamas but its expensive like every other place some places are less, and some places are more because of the food, views, and living. Some people live in the Bahamas even tho its expensive these people might have found a job there that pays well, or they were born wealthy. Living on the beach is hard because it is expensive, and dangerous because of the storms and other natural disasters. I choose to live away from the beach because it is safer. The Bahamas have enormous amount of colorful plants and animals that is why I want to visit the Bahamas. In conclusion the Bahamas is one of the most beautiful colorful places in the world with enormous amount of activities, talents, and cultures that is why I want to visit The Bahamas.