One of the most frequently debated questions in today's society is whether first impression are possible to change. Many people argue that first impression are almost impossible to change. They say that is not possible and inevitable. I disagree with the statement. I believe that first impressions can be changed because we cannot judge people just by looking at them, everyone has different viewpoints, and we don't know the struggles that the other people are going through. Words can also hurt! The first reason as to why I disagree with the statement is because we cannot judge people from first impressions. The way people act or interact is not essential information to see the intellectual development and capacity of those individuals who are being judge. There is a famous quote that says, "Our words can sometimes hurt even more than a punch." We all can relate to this, sometimes the words that other people use to express are very damaging and hard to listen; even when is just a silly joke that one of your friends is saying. Nevertheless, everyone has different perspectives and view points, but just because we may think differently, doesn't mean we have to get driven by our perceptions or speculations. There are millions of people in this planet, and every single one of us think and look different. We are all not the same. The complementary diversity we have nowadays is a great example of this. It is good to have a great range of diversity, but the race we all come from cannot define us, nor the judgments that other people make from us. The last and final reason is that we don't know the struggles that the other person is going through. Sometimes, we may look tired, weary, or even depressed. Sometimes we are having problems with our families or with our own selves. The judgments we make can potentially affect those individuals' life. Sometimes we make decisions without thinking about consequences or how those decisions are going to impact others. Decisions, such as the judgments from different speculations we make. As you have read, I disagree with the statement. I believe that the judgment from our first impressions is not inevitable. We are capable to change our own perception from other people that can potentially affect their lives throughout the struggles that he or she may be facing.