Dear Generic_Name, I know you're still a little young to understand what technology means, but I believe that technology has had a negative impact on us. Technology has increased the rates of kidnapping, human trafficking, sexual abuse, and murder. Due to technology we are also losing our eyesight. It has also limited our communication skills. Young adults usually download dating apps to meet new people, but they don't understand the risk they can get them self into. For example, they usually meet someone online and start talking. After a while the guy probably ask her out on a date to go for dinner, and of course the girl is going to say yes because she's interested in the guy. Few days later the guy ask her out on another date to go and watch a movie, but he says that he's going to pick her up; and that were it all start she gets in the car thinking he's going to take her to the movies, but instead he's taking her somewhere else he's going to kidnapping her and she doesn't know. She goes missing for weeks and no one knows where she's at. A few days later they find her body dead. Now in day more and more people are using glasses. Technology is ruining our eye vision. People that work in offices are more likely to be using glasses now in day. They sit all day looking that their computer, but they don't realize that their eyesight is getting bad. Young adults are also using glasses too because they use their phone too much or watch too much TV. One way to prevent that is you could put your light dimer on your computer and phone. You could also set your self a limit for how long you're going to use your phone or computer. Another reason why technology is bad because it limits our communication skills. More people are getting used to working independently. Teacher will usually give us a project assignment; we can either work with a partner or work independently. Most students like to work independently because they don't like to rely on someone else finishing the part they had to work on for the project and not doing it. We are also able to text or video chat with other people instead of talking to them in person. By talking to someone in person it can also increase your self-esteem. In conclusion these are my reason why I believe that technology is not good for us. Technology has impacted us a lot in society. We need to be more careful and caution about the new technology we are going to be inventing in the future. We also need to be careful with the action we take. No one can predict what going to happen in the future.