Many high schools have opportunities for students that want to run a business. However, before they run their business I need some learning experience from a manager. I wanted to reach out to you Generic_Name to talk about what my interests are. The school I attend at is Generic_school, and I am 17 Years of age. I want to learn how to start my own restaurant, know how you manage the prices, how to run the business, and also how to manage people. However, I work at a restaurant at the moment, and I am trying to become a manager. Although, I heard you have to do a lot before you become one. I want to know how to run the prices and how to make deals because I don't have that much experience, and must know how to do that to become a manager. Furthermore, I researched your job and read the reviews your customers love your restaurant. They say it is not too expensive but not too cheap, also they say it is worth a drive down their. That's why I wanted to ask if I could get some experience from you. Moreover, I wanted to know how to actually learn how to run the entire business. For instance, if I wanted to open up my own business I want knowledge from an expert before I do. My school does not have the right experience that you have. Also, I had spoked to one of my classmates they told me that you do training classes for students that are very interested in business she applied, and she told me that she got really far in her business and that she is already getting started. I wanted to apply for the training, so I have a clue on what is going on, so I can eventually start my own restaurant. Lastly, I wanted to know how to manage people around, know how to be a right trainer for a perfect restaurant. Nevertheless, people say it is hard opening up a business if you don't have the right training. For example, I had a friend that decided to run a business without experience she did not know how to manage the line in the kitchen, the people in the front, nor the prices. Later on the business ran out of service and got shut down. However, that is not how I want to end my career. I want to go somewhere and be in a place where people will love to socialize with the waiters, and to get their orders right.That's an important part on why I came today to experience the way of training. Based on this talk, I want to start my own business and work on becoming a better trainer. Even though, I have no experience with running my own business, managing the people, and how to manage the prices. I hope by the end of today I can get applied and start my training, so I can get some ideas on how to do things around a restaurant and start my own business by 18 years of age.  