In this passage I will tell you my point of view of this, I believe that it doesn't matter how much experience someone has over the other person, it only increases there chances of getting picked, and only by a small margin. My reason is that people shouldn't pick a person by what or how much experience they have, but pick the people that are best for the job such as being a hard worker, fast learner, or by being determined to work. You might not have the experience, but they can still pick you for the job, all you have to do is to prove to them that you can do learn it and will be able to do after it. I think getting a new job is like learning a new unit in a class all you need is a person to show you how they do it and improve on that and, you will have setbacks or things that you won't understand. But you will still have the teacher or the person that is helping you, that can tell you if your doing something wrong or to answer your questions. Once you had enough practice with it, you can help other people that have the same problems as you or the same questions. By getting the job you've learned how to do those things and how to teach other people how to do it too. You don't need experience you need people with experience to teach you, so you can teach other people. In my experience to have a good worker they don't need to have experience, they only need people to teach them while there working seeing what they are doing wrong and improving on that. While I was working in a construction job, I was making mistakes all over the place, I wasn't doing well with tools or machines, sometimes I would cut the materials too small or too large, so most of the time I would hand it over to one of my coworkers and with the tools, most of the time would get them mixed up, for example one coworker will ask for a tool and my mind would just be blank then they would just get it themselves, so after I had to practice with the tools and by the end of the time I was working there I never got one thing wrong, this proves that all you need is practice during the job or work, it doesn't matter if you have never done it before all you need to practice. Although I do acknowledge the people with experience have more of a chance to get the job there going for but all I'm saying is that you shouldn't doubt yourself when someone has experience, and you don't, just keep your eyes open and your head strong and see if you got the job, and if you didn't, try another time, it doesn't matter if you fail to get the job once or multiple times, it doesn't matter if someone has more experience than you, if you prove to them that you can work harder than them, and learn more than them they will pick you for the job. All you need to do is go to the interview and show what you can do and what sort of person you are. In this passage I have show that you don't need to have the experience to get the job or being a good worker, you just need to be determined to do the work, and they will recognize that, and they will respect you more. But only if you do good work you can't expect good things to happen because of bad results, but if you prove to them that you will be able to learn how to do it then you will get the job. I have also shown my own experience with it of being a worker that had no experience to being the one that never messed up at the end. 