When you try new things you learn and when you learn you grow. Do not conform of what you already have tried to be better, because if you do not try you would not get chance to do thing and your probability would not grow. In my opinion you should try new things and not be stock in what you already mastered because, You can learn new things, You can grow as an individual and as a community, and You can help others. When you try new things we learn because the make us grow, for example if you want to open a business of finances in your community, but you do not know how because you never try to do it you ask someone that have already mastered of doing it, and you can start doing your business because you already try, and you learn how to do it. Another example would be going to college and there is a class that you already know because you take it in high school, and you explain the thing to your friend, and you are a mastered doing it and one of you friends ask you for another class problem, but you do not because you haven't try the class, but it sounds interesting, and you want to try it because you want to learn new thing and try not matter what your situation is in your life be confident of your self. Other example would be tried to cook and learn your self that can teach you that you can try by your self and learn by your self, but you try and that what it matters you try. Try new thing help you learn and learn help you grow as an individual and as a community for example you grow as an individual because you take the class that you friend ask you before, and you did it answer him because you haven't even try then you try and become a mastered doing it, and you open a business the community start growing, and you open more business you become more important and the community grow more as well as you and you became someone important for the community, and you keep having chance to be better every time that you learn you start helping people that do not have a chance to imp rube them self. An for teach your self of cooking is a motivation to other to try the same thing. You can help people when you grow because you learn how to do the work, and now you teach the work to other to they can have a better chance in life giving them a place to work and having them grow as well the community grow because the business that you open people was more interesting in your business, and they make you offers and tell you to work with them, but you are scared that you work may not work, but you remember that if you do not try and stay of what you are mastered you would not grow. Cooking your self-help the community to have people to get in head and teach others. Even if you do not have tried something, and you think you can do it, and you fell, you would be more sad that you do not try before you do it or ask someone for help that ready do it is a big mistake, try before you do not grow, you do not have to be conformed of what you already have because you can help others and make your self be proud and cooking for other and tell then that you learn by your self is an inspiration to others do the something and the way that you grow as trying thing would make the community more interesting try to grow before you give up.