We all may have failure in life. In fact, we live in a world where everyone decides whether to be success or not to be success. In these days people are giving up on things that they might, can do it, but they do not believe in themselves, going from failure to failure it does not mean to give up without trying. To be success, you must have to think positive and try it as many times as possible or as needed. The pursuit of success is a key to be someone in life. However, each individual has their own thoughts or opinions. Unfortunately people loss their enthusiasm that takes them to never be successful. For example, many people play sports; they do not always win. They have failures. Sometimes they win, sometime they loose. Having those failures makes them to keep practicing, learn from the mistakes they made and try to fix them. It is an important role that later on in other games will help them to win. Deciding to give up will help them to be successful in many things in the future. I had had many failures in my life. One of them is when I started to play the piano. I was twelve years old when I started. There was a time when I felt to give up because it was hard to play it, but I never lost my enthusiasm, I kept practicing until I learned it. Having this failure make me think that if I never try, then I will never be able to success in life and neither to accomplish things in my own. Another thing, people had told me that I would not be a successful person because I have a son, who is only five months, my answer has been that I know it will be difficult to success, but not matters I will never give up until I have active my goals. Believing in myself is a thing that have helped me to success. In conclusion, success is a word that everyone should think with positive. Having a positive attitude will also help to be success. We all should take advantage of this thing that are worth it, instead of being success in things that might not be value in life. Having success in life will matter in your future life. Although is true that many people believe that success is not that important as others things might be.