Thomas Jefferson wrote that "Determine never to be idle. It is wonderful how much may ti be done if we are always doing". He thinks about that person have to be determined to do have the focus in something, But I think that it is not a good idea have the focus in something Because Everyone need to have time for their own, Also maybe try something different or find another way to do it, And maybe some plans have a lot of frustration and mental problems. First, Every person should have time for their own because having time to relax have help to have the focus later, Also have free time you can have fun, playing video games, dancing, singing, or meet somebody, and have time with the family or just time to sleep can be a great help for a person. I think is very important to have time our own because something we don't pay attention what happen around us, or just can be tired for everyone. Second, try something new can be a good idea to have a brainstorm, To really find what you or what we want to do to have all the success like Tesla of SpaceX, They are trading a lot of different things, Maybe be idle can be good sometimes and be determined but Is not a good idea. In addition, a lot of people think same like Jefferson that is a good idea be determined to do something, and They want to be expert in that thing, and great for They, But I think determine to do something can have a lot of problems sometimes like frustration problems. Just imagine a person, That spend a lot of time in here determine think to do, But something awful happen, And that work, that this person dedicates a lot of effort, and dedication, just go away and that can cause psychologist problem, Like the Real Madrid, They work very hard all season, and they make a plan, but everyone sees what happen, nothing work and just their season just end 3 months before finish. So I think have all the focus in just one think can have a lot of problems. In conclusion, I think is very hard to say that be determined in something can cause a lot of problems like frustration or depression, And also is important to have to our own or our family, friends, or pets, and try new things or cool thing is always is good, Never is good to do same always just you have you own thinking or own critical.