Did you know that some teachers/educators want year round of school? My decision for this topic would be, I want year round of school. I feel it would benefit students and teachers to actually focus and maintain on school work. Some students would disagree with this, but there are some supportive reasons why this would benefit the both. Reasoning number one, Most students take a 3 to 4 month summer break. If there was year round schools it would use 3 to 4 week summer break, a longer winter break, and one week off for winter and fall time. This would benefit students to be able to retain lots of amounts of information. Also, students would have an extra break for the one-week off in the fall time. Reasoning number two, Students who take more than a 2-month break will most likely forget what they have been taught in school. That adds more work to teachers because they would have to re teach the information back to the students, and it would take longer for the students to remember the information. Students who would do year round of school would be able to remember the information that they were taught, and it would be less work for teachers for them to re teach it. Last reasoning, After when students come back for a break most teachers have to re teach what they taught the students before break. Also, normally when students come back from long breaks some teachers start giving tests or even quizzes. Most students don't study while they are on break, so they are likely not able to receive a good grade on the test and quizzes. But with year round school the students would be able to obtain the information and less likely FTO forgot what they have been taught before Summer, Spring or Winter break. Overall, It just seems students and teachers would benefit a lot more with school being year round. The teachers would have less to re teach and students can obtain more information. Also, it would help students do better when it comes to taking to tests or quizzes. So it would be a win-win for everybody. 