Break out of comfort zone. Life is boring without expanding your horizons.no growth. Have to fail to learn a lesson to move on. Learn more from failure than success. If never try something new, you'll never know if you life it or if you're good at it. Real life experience. Helen Keller Michael JordanAfter mastered basketball, he wants to baseball. Can't stay at tee ball, have to practice getting to actual baseball. Emerson is therefore correct in stating" Unless you try to do something beyond what have already mastered, you will never grow" because to grow one must break out of comfort zone and failure leads to success. Failure lead to success, comfort zone knee-jerk reaction, "well I haven't mastered anything yet, so I can't adequately answer this questions" Generic_Name's example wants to mas painting. Opposition, mastering something is impossible scientific theories disproved got to school for 12 years, still have not learned everything therefore Emerson is wrong. Also, Ralph Waldo Emerson Wrote, "Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow". This quote by Ralph Waldo Emerson states if people do not go beyond what they have already accomplished. They will never progress in life. Some people's initial reaction would be" I have not Masters anything, so I am unable to respond to this question." There are a couple of reasons why Emerson's quote is correct. Growing requires breaking out of comfort zones and broadening horizon. If a person does not go beyond what they are capable of archiving they will not grow. Failure assists to growing and learning to lead to success. If people never expand their horizons, the never experience new adventure life can offer. Without the thrill of a new experience, life would become aborning repetition of activities we have already mastered. Therefore, to break out of a comfort zone, people must go beyond what we have already mastered. One day at school, our band class attended a piano recital put on by Generic_School students. Even though, I was not part pf their piano class, I decided to perform unannounced. As I walked upon the stage, a emotions flooded my body, such as nervous, anxious. However, to become a better piano performed, I needed to step out of my comfort zone and perform for entire piano and band classes. Just as Emerson said humans must go beyond a mastered trait, or comfort zone, to better themselves and not miss possible opportunities. 