Do we accomplish more if we are always doing something?. We accomplish excellent grades at school by studying, at sports by practicing every day and never giving up to become an amazing player, and at work by learning and giving a lot of effort to realize our goals.First, students stay after school or ask for a raise pass to study more about the subject they have a test or quiz. In the actuality, there are a lot of schools from South America like Peru, Chile, Bolivia, etc. that do not have after school or raise pass for students to study more. Some students have to pay approximate 30 dollars per hour for a personal teacher to help them at home. Students from South America do not have the facility to study with their teachers without paying for extra classes. Another example, when I came to the United States, there was a day that I had an important test, and I did not know anything about the topic. So, I stayed after school with my teacher, and we practiced a lot. When I took the test, I answered all the questions without problem. The next day, my teacher gave me back the test, and I was the highest grade of the class. That made me stayed more often at school with my teachers to study different classes. Furthermore, to get good grades, students have to do homework, projects, and participate a lot in class. Secondly, it is important for people that want to get better at sports to practice every day to become an excellent player. Additionally, people success in sports, when they never give up and try to learn by their mistakes. When I was in Generic_City, at school I was part of a volleyball team, and we played against another school. That day, I was not ready to play with the other school. My team lost the game because I did not play good. I did not want to play anymore, because I was scared of losing again. But I did not give up because I was fascinated with this sport and kept practicing and becoming better at volleyball. I know that the best way to success at sports is practicing all the time, and never give up in something that you love. I learned that if I stayed in inactivity, and do not practice, I would never become a good player in volleyball. Finally, people accomplish at work when they do new projects to grow the company each day. Another reason is, people have to be responsible with their duties at work. Besides, if you want to get a higher level position, then you can do it by learning more about your job and showing your effort and hardworking every day. In this day's, is hard to get a good and stable job because it requires effort and knowledge, but being active and always doing something to make a wonderful work will let you find an amazing job. By the other hand, being idle can give you bad consequences of, you can be fired, never find a job or never be successful in life. I am sure that most people accomplish more when they study at school to get good grades, at sport when they practice and believe in themselves to become an extraordinary player, and at work when they learn and give a lot of effort to fulfill their goals. 