All students expect that they are going to have a great time in a summer break. Some students enjoy their long summer vacation because they do not have to worry about the school for a while. But some students want to reduce summer vacation and have longer breaks in winter, spring, and fall. There are some pros and cons on both sides, but I agree with long summer vacation and short breaks in winter and spring. Among the numerous reasons, my most important reasons are students cannot make a long time plan during the vacation; it is not effective to have a short school time and then have a break. One of my most important reason is that students cannot make a long time plan during the vacation. I believe that many students want to go travel or want to tour other countries with a long time plan, but if they have short vacation, they have to worry about the assignment and school while they are traveling. Sometimes, it is hard to see everything you want with a short time, so you regret that you did not have a bunch of time. If one of their family lives in another country, and it is hard to see each other, they have to make a plan to have a wonderful time with each other during the break. They, obviously, want to stay together for a long time because they do not know when they are going to meet each other again; It could be next year or 10 years later. They, however, cannot enjoy their time as much as they want if the student have to go back early. Because of these evidences, I agree with the long summer vacation.Another most important reason is that it is not effective to have a short school time and then have a break. All sports have a season and the players or coaches focus on their duty during the season; they do not have a break for like 3-4 weeks because of their body rhythm. I believe that it works for students, too. For example, people who want to be good at music instruments have to practice consistently; practicing 10 hours a day and doing nothing for a week does not help you at all. Even though the practicing time is shorter, using the instruments every day reminds you and help you to get better. It is hard to come back to school after having a long break, but it is more effective when the students change their body rhythm for the school time than having a short break after a short school time. Because of these evidences, I agree with the long summer vacation. There are some advantages on the other opinion because not every single person has the same studying style. Some students study very hard during the short time period and then take a break, and it works for them. However, this type of studying has a risk that the students can forget what they have learned during the break because they tried to put many information like math, science, English, and history in a short time. Even though the students who cram for the tests or assignments can get a good grade, they have to go over it after few moments later. Therefore, it is better to have a long summer vacation than a short summer vacation. As I mentioned, summer break is what students' best time in a whole year. Almost all students makes their own plans on what they should do. Students, however, have a difficult before they have a summer vacation, so some of them want to reduce the summer break and make longer the other breaks. It is not a bad idea to move on, but they have to know that taking longer breaks in winter and fall would affect their whole summer plans. They also have to realize that they can do much more thing with longer break. That depends on how people use their own time, but if you have longer break it would give you wide opportunity.  