Is it hard to be yourself on a world that is trying to make you something else?, think about it?, we live on this world, trying to be like everyone else, instead of just being yourself and live happy. In this paper I will argue of how the world is trying to change us day by day, how we get influence by it and end up changing, and how every year that goes by our generation gets worst and worst. The world is every day is trying to find a way to make us change, we as humans have stop, and think, what we want for our future? Why would I want to be like everyone else? Do I want to be a wealthy person in this society? Do I want to accomplish all my goals?, those are the types of question that we should ask our self, and think deeply, where will we end up on the future following the steps of the rest of the world?, because in this world, if you want successful, you have to be yourself, the world is not going to do it for you. We get very influence by world, on activities, the way we talk, the way that we dress, the clothes that we use, our religion, and a lot of stuff that if we don't like, or we don't do, we are not cool for the world. A good example is the clothes that we use, if we don't us the clothes and shoes that are trending or popular right now we are not cool for the society, and maybe the reason why we don't use it because, you don't have money, or you don't have time or access to buy or simply you just don't like it, and for the world that means your not cool or cute, because, you don't us a certain (clothes), and is shouldn't be like that, because, some people get bully by that and some even get to a depression because they can't afford any of that and is very sad to know that this world is like this. Sadly, by every year that goes by, our generation get worst and worst, and the reason of that is the world. The world has influence us, in such a bad way that is sad, all the new drugs that are killing people, the war between countries, the new artist that are coming out that just sing about drugs, killing people and sex is of a very bad influence for our generation and sadly if we don't start being our own selves, and start the right stuff, eventually we are going to end up awful. Some people say that this world is bad, and just gives us bad influence, but they are not right, because is not necessary the world, it could be us, letting ourselves get involved or influence in bad stuff, and then say that is the world fault, when is really your fault, for getting involved on bad stuff overall, in the future, I hope that this world changes, because we still have time to do it and is not impossible, I just hope that this generation that is coming up, have the courage to change the world and make it a good friendly world.