Most successful people keep study new carriers or leaning new tasks to do in order to become even wealthier and to not get bored with doing the same job daily. Ralph Emerson states that, you will never grow if you do not try something new that you already know. Meaning that if people do not expand their knowledge after of what they already know they will never accomplish more to became more successful in life. However, if you are willing to expand you horizons and break out the comfort zone, you will grow and achieve higher goals. Trying something new of what you already mastered help people to grow because it leads people will live real experiences, and it provides more opportunities. And it breaks the comfort zone. To star with, the more people learn, the more opportunities they have. Opportunities are provided for people that are open to learn new things and grow in what they do. For instance, I have been working in a part-time in a salad place for two years. The first year I learned all the work stations which I was perfect at it. After a year, I realized that it was the time to expand my knowledge and also to ask for a raise. I became a valid trainer in all the store's stations. Now I teach new workers and assist them how to do their task in the correct way, and they are paying me better. This shows that if I would not be open to learn how to be a trainer at the store, I would not be paying as well as today. Being capable to try something new offer better opportunities in order to grow rather than getting stuck in the same place without trying to achieve higher goals. Moreover, the desire to try different things make people to live many wonderful experiences. If people never expand their horizons, they will never experience the adventures life has to offer. For instance, Last summer I went to a campus in a university to get more information about careers that I was interested in. I meet wonderful students from other schools and learned computer science. The teachers provided me the information and requirements to get into the University and the different classes that I have to take in order to get a degree in computer sciences. Also, we practiced several methods to create graphs and draw in the computers. Since, I visited that place I got more convince to study computer science in the future, and it is an experience that I will never forget because I realized that I have the skills to study that career as my major. If I would not go, I will never notice that I could study computer science in the out coming. Learning new things lead to live and learn experiences that help people to grow in their future. As can be seen, it is better to try something new because people can explore experiences that will never forget and they will learn new things to became even more successful in their lives. People have the right to never stop learning and get new skills that will prepare them for whatever they want to accomplish and change about their routine. If the whole world have the willing to keep learning despite they are mastered in something already, they will be more professionals and a wealthier society.