Introduction, I going to writing an essay about the positive attitude the first paragraph is going to be about the job that you always need to have a positive attitude. In the second paragraph i good to talk about the meaning about life and the positive attitude. In the third i going to talk about personal positive attitude. First, I think that has a positive attitude is always good to your life and help you to give a sense a. We always need to have a reason to has positive attitude because without a good attitude you're never getting a job because in a job you always to has a positive attitude with the costumer. Life is beautiful every morning we need to start we a happy face because is another day to thank that we wake up because not everyone has a bed or a warm house but something the people live in the street has always good and positive altitude than the others. Second, the meaning of the life is always something that motivate that never give up, and we need to know that is depend on that we have a good attitude. If we don't has a good or positive altitude we are going to fail everything. Example one girl want to study in Generic_School, and she really wants to finish schools, but she come with a bad behavior they don't let her come to be a student. In that's why we need to have a possible attitude to comply the goals we have. I think the meaning for positive attitude is something that we really need no better what because we need to show a people that no better has going through us life we always show up we a positive attitude. Third, I remember that my mom always tell me that everything depend on my attitude because the surrounding persons they always look my attitude. We make friends with the attitude why? The reason we my friends with the attitude because the attitude make us different in many different sways. Us attitude is everything. Some people do not about attitude because they never learn what is attitude means. I learn about positive attitude because my mother show me how has a positive attitude. Everybody need to have a possible attitude o has a happy life with big goals. Something in life we always know some people that they don't know about attitude, but we need to be nice we them. Conclusion the topic was about positive attitude that we all need to have a positive attitude and their life to demonstrate the are discipline.