I do agree with what Ralph Emerson wrote. Being myself in a world that is being nonstop trying to make you something else that is not you, is a very good accomplishment you've overcome. There is always challenges in life where you would have to be yourself. If you can't be yourself then you should ask for advice from your family on how you can be yourself. If you aren't yourself, and you've become different from yourself and It's not always good. It's like letting the world win by changing you. You should always be yourself no matter what you come across, listen to you and your family, and don't lose to the world by not being yourself. In life no matter what you come across, you should always be yourself. Don't let anyone force you to be someone else because you might not even like who you've become. People who aren't themselves usually are going through some serious stuff or just want attention. Being yourself is really hard when there are hard challenges you have come across that tries to make you different from yourself. Being yourself is the best accomplishment you can earn when in a world that is trying to make you something else. You should always listen to yourself and your family. Getting advice from your family is the best because they've been alive longer than you and have more knowledge in how they've become there self and not anything else. Listening to yourself is good because you're doing what you want to do, what your mind is telling you. If you become something else and your mind was telling you not to, then you should re-evaluate your thoughts and be yourself. Family are related to you, they have similar mindset as you, and they should understand you more than anyone else in this world. At the end of the day, you know who you are; if you aren't yourself its like letting the world win by changing you and losing because you aren't yourself. You're showing us you aren't capable of the world, you can't handle the world because you're not thinking about your decisions and letting the world change you. You know what you can do and can't do. If you know you can change then go for it and change. Changing can be hard, but you should take it slow, think about what you want to change. It's a great feeling knowing you've changed because you know you have achieved your goal. Ralph Emerson won against the world trying to change him because he realized people change and aren't themselves anymore and spoke out. Don't let anything try to change you, you do you. Listen to people that are close to you, and you trust. Aim for your goals and take your time, don't be anyone else. Therefor win, not lose and be you.  