Imagine having nothing but sweet time on the palm for your hands. Wouldn't things be easier to do? Imagine the things you can get done with the right equipment. Technology allows such great effects in our lives. Everything is easier to get, games, books, news, and even shopping would be easier for everyone. Say your teacher wants students to read a certain book, but there isn't any left in class. What would you do?. Technology will allow students to download the book and still be on task with students. Some teaches don't allow you to take the book home but with any device you can simply download the book and still be caught up with the chapter. You wouldn't be behind. Therefore, individuals like being updated whether it's about schools or any world news. Technology allows parent to see what's happening around them and even around the world. They don't like to miss the days news or any news. If they did, they can type the date and see what's happening. You wouldn't miss a thing! Alerts will pop up on your device to inform you. Therefore, everyone stays connected to the world in any device. Technology, also allows you to stay connected with other, such as your parents and friends. Imagine having something really important to share with your friends, but you don't know when you'll see them, they're just a text away. Let's say you stayed after school but forgot to tell your parents, just call them and tell them to pick you up a certain time. Information will be much easier to receive. However, some parents say technology is a waste of time but once they try it they'll get many things done. The more we use technology, the more we realize it should have been something back then and how easy things would've been. Technology is for everyone to use not only young adults. It can even be used to keep babies quiet and calm. Some find multitasking hard, but with simple devices, we can do many things at once. Getting things done makes people feel relieved, for getting things out of the way on to the next. It's like an endless cycle but with the technology we have now, we have much power in just our hands. It may be little power but at least we got things done in an easy manner. We may not see it now, but technology is a very positive effect on individuals.