One thing I would like to accomplish in the future is to live in a big mansion in California. Because I've never lived in some type of big house, It will show all the hard work that paid off to get the house, and it will also be the first time I go to Californian thing I would like to accomplish in the future is to live in a big mansion in California. Because I've never lived in some type of big house before. Since I've been born I've been living in small places with other little house nearby like town houses or apartments and for me, It has me thinking. "Why am I living in these places like I have some friends who live in houses, but I don't?" But that was me when I was like little, but now I know that some parents aren't as lucky as others, and they struggle to find nice places to live in, but they get what they can get and at least they get somewhere to live in and give their kids what they need and want so for me, It's going to be hard finding a job with good paying money but if I get a degree in something I want to do then It would be amazing to do that. Another reason I would like to live in a big mansion is that It will show how rich I am, and It was hard trying to buy a Mansion. Mansions these days cost so much money (of course because they are big in space and some are in private places) you can find mansions in Florida, Texas, Nevada, California, etc. But mainly I would love to get one in California. California is a big wealthy state with many great known cities and history. It is mostly visited in the summer for its hot temperatures and great attractions. One city I would love to buy my mansion is maybe in Calabashes or Hollywood, There are many cities to get a mansion it just depends on how much it costs and how big it is on the inside and out. Last reason I would like to live in a big mansion is that it would be my first time going to California. My mom used to live in California, in a small city near Downtown Los Angeles called Generic_City. She moved from Generic_City to California when she was fourteen (which is my age currently) and she went to high school in Generic_City and learned English there and had a job. But then after finishing one year of college she moved to Virginia and had me when she was around twenty-five. But ever since then she has been telling me stories of how it was for her in California and what places she would visit over there like Disneyland, the Hollywood sign, sporting events, and more places. I would like to visit San Francisco with one of its famous attraction the Golden Gate Bridge or Go down to Venice Beach and enjoy the beautiful ocean, and it's hot temperature to cool off. And those were my three reasons of why I want to live in a big mansion in California because I've never lived in some type of big house with no houses that are connected together, It will show all the hard work that paid off to get the house, and It will be my first time going to California.