Do you think Students should know what career they want by the time they're in high school? I don't think so because students will feel pressured and probably won't know what they want to do until after of high school. But some argue that students should know what to do while in high school. In my opinion, students should not feel rushed on their career because students would feel pressured and students probably won't know what to do until after they get out of high school. Although, some would argue that students would be well-prepared to study that job during high school. My first example is that students should take their time. If students take their time and still think about it, they can have different options. Instead of pressuring them they should let them learn new things in school because they can check out a lot of different jobs they can be interested in and take it after school. Another thing is that students can focus more on their school work, education, and focus on graduating. Some students can't focus on careers during high school because they need to figure out what classes they have to take and pass in order to graduate from high school, and then focus on a career. So I think students should take their time on their own pace and figure it out little by little. My second example is that students won't figure it out until after high school and if needed, take some time of from school. Students if they choose a career after school they can focus on that specific job and not worry about anything else besides their interest. They can focus more on their career that they chose because they don't focus on anything else school related, and give their full on attentions to their job. One other thing is that students after high school will feel less stressed and more relaxed. They can take however much time off on thinking what job to get. Whenever they are ready to get a job they go to collage and study for it. I think students should feel stress-free. Some would argue that students should know what to do career they want to do during high school. For example students will know what to study for, before they get that job. Also, they can be well-prepared and learn a lot of new things for the job. Sure students can be well-prepared and learn about the job way before. However, students shouldn't have a lot of stress on them with school and their future career at the same time. Also, students grades will probably dramatic go down because they try to focus on both things. In conclusion, I think that students should not feel rushed. They will feel pressured and won't know until maybe after school. But some people think that they should know while in high school because they will be prepared confident for the job. I don't think that they should stress themselves a lot. So that they can focus on their education and focus on graduating and make their family proud. So teachers, and counselors don't try to blow they're heads up.