Will has you can see getting advice from other's is not a bad idea. I think getting advice from others has a great point of view and a bad point of view by the way someone can look at. When you are trying to get advice from someone remember to ask more than one person for advice. One of my reasons is that however is trying to get advice should get it form multiple people not just from one person. My other reason is that getting advice form people can have a good or bad point of view, but it also can depend on how you take the advice. My last reason is asking people for advice can hurt it's not always going to make you happy. My first statement is that however is trying to get advice should get it form multiple people not just from one person. Most of the people in this world have different point of view for each person on the way they see them or maybe by the way they act and look. Asking only one people is not a good idea because someone might just be looking at you how you look and how you dress. They might just say bad things to you because they think your not worth nothing, and they are the only one's that actually are worth something in this world. People in this time don't gave good advice to people because all they want to do is make people look bad in front of others. My second statement is that getting advice form people can have a good or bad point of view, but it also can depend on how you take the advice. Will in my point of view asking people for advice is not a great idea because some people might just till you lies when you are asking for advice. Sometimes people just tell you lies because they know that you need help but all they are going to do is make you look bad. They are some people that all they want you is to suffer just because they are having problems at home. Getting advice form one person is not a good idea because you might not know if they hate you or that you might have done something that hurt them, and you didn't know, and you asked them for advice they would give you bad advice just for what you did to them. My last statement is that asking people that you think that will tell you the truth no matter if it hurts or not is not a bad idea. They are some people that would tell you the truth even if it's going to hurt a lot but the only thing they want for you is to be happy. Asking people older than you are a great idea like your family because maybe they have been though a lot maybe they might even hate you or something else, but they would never lie to you because you are there children they care about you. Getting advice is not bad it also can depend on the way you decide to take it if you take it as a good or bad way because most of the people that are always there in your bad a good moment always want the best thing for you because they love you. In conclusion, asking for advice sometimes and talking to others more advice can help you make good choice but at the same times bad choice it all depend on you if you want to be a great or bad person. Everyone has there point of view to take the advice that someone gives you in a good or bad way. Mostly the people that love you are going to tell you the truth even though if it hurt because they know that later, or after you are going to find out the truth. In this world you should take most of the advice that other people gave you because they have already been thought a lot, but they don't want you to through the same thing because they actually want you to be someone if life even is they couldn't be someone in life. The advice that someone gives you is not bad it to help you see how hard they work because they didn't take the advice that they gave you are they didn't get the chance like you have so if someone gives you a great advice you should be grateful.