What are some good attitudes you can show it to your friends. I saw people have good attitudes in their way like one of my friend. If people have good attitudes that doesn't mean they don't have attitudes. Having good attitudes mean they have attitudes in a good way. My friend showed attitudes to different people differently. You can tell when people have bad attitudes or good attitudes. The good attitudes help you to success in your life even when you have difficult time. The benefits of have good attitudes is you can success in your life, be happy, and have friends. You can only success in your life by getting support from your family and your friends. Most of the people show their attitudes at school like one of my friend does. She never showed bad attitudes with her teacher or other adults, but she does show attitudes with her friends but not bad way. She showed bad attitudes sometime and good attitudes sometime. Furthermore, she thinks its fun because we are all same. Furthermore, she doesn't feel bad when she shows us attitudes. Furthermore, she knows we are not going to feel bad for that. We all will help her out when she needed. Like I said you can success in your life by getting support from you friends. If she has fake friends she knows they will never help her when she needed. Be happy, I mean that by getting good grades at school. If you get good grades that mean everyone happy even your teacher. My friend, she always tries to get our help before she asks her teacher. Is not that she is bad at school. Everyone get confused at something. I saw lots of difficult time at her life, and we all tried to help. If she wasn't being kind to us no one would have friend with her. Also, one time a teacher tried to help her to get good grades at class. She had C+ at class she needed only some point to get B- so that she can get A B honor roll. She requests her teacher if she can help her out with it, and her teacher gave extra point on test she took. Her teacher told her 'I only did that because you are a kind person.' 'I will love to help someone like you.'It's not easy to make friends. Some people like to have friends who are kind to them, have good attitudes, have some similarities between each other. Some people make friends who have bad attitudes like them. They think talking with a nice person is embarrassing. Some people like having a good friend who will never leave them behind. If you make a friend who have bad attitudes all the time that means she/he is your fake friends. Also, a kind person can be also a fake friend. For example, when I moved into a new school I had friend. She always helped me. She was really polite to me. Furthermore, she helped me find my classes, she helped me make new friends because I was a shy person. After some days letter there was an another girl moved in there. After that girl moved int here she never talked me. I tried to go talk to her, but she didn't really care. Sometime when I saw her in the hall I said "hi" and she also said it back. After while, she never even looks at me. It's like she doesn't even know who I am. So yeah, It's hard to find friend who really care about you. In conclusions, some good attitudes you show it to your friends is being with them when they need you the most, be polite to them. Having good attitudes can help people future a lot. You have to explore that good attitudes. Some people don't even know what is good attitudes mean. They think attitudes is attitudes, they think having attitudes mean being really mean to people. But there is so many way to show attitudes, good way and bad way. Good attitudes help people to success in their life. In additional, to success in life you also need your family and friends help. 