Technology is a super useful and daily component we use in our daily lives, however in my opinion technology is being misused and taken advantage of by society. For example your social life becomes different, it gets addicting, or changes you as a person, it shows that people change overall. Those are some of the many reasons why people take advantage of technology. Technology can change your social life, for example you stop communicating with friends and your social skills start to grow weak, such as confidence and being specific while talking. Secondly technology can be an addiction or something people depend on a lot. For example spending hours on your phone or a computer could be considered addiction. While taking tests or quizzes you can't depend on technology to help you and that shows that you depend on the internet. At last technology changes you as a person. In other words whatever you see on the internet it becomes real to you which means, now you're living in a fantasy instead of reality. It also makes you think differently instead of using your brain, and you also depend on the internet way much more. Technology can be useful and can save our life sometimes. One out of the two reason why technology is useful is the time your saving. For example if you have to get work sent to your boss, the internet comes in handy, or if you have a project due at school you can also use the internet to turn it in on time. Technology will forever be useful for educational purposes. For example if you need any type of information you can find it on the internet. There are a lot of things you could learn on the internet also. Technology can be a very inconsistent feature for people, therefore it can benefit people and change someone's life negatively. Use technology wisely because it brings a lot of negatives with it.There are many ways to solve the problems that come with the usage of technology. Your limitations to the usage of technology could be lowered, so the addiction doesn't get out of hand. The things you use technology for should be only things that benefit you, therefore it doesn't become your social life. Always try to be yourself and don't let things on the internet change you because technology is will forever be here and will always change, therefore you don't want to adapt to it for the rest of your life.  