I don't think students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home. Because when students coming home, they need to do the homework first. Maybe that's day some people have a lot of homework, so they couldn't attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. If they could open some video of online then I think some students can't watching whole video. Because when I finish my homework, I'm feeling so tired, and I just want to go to my bedroom or play game, message, Facebook, ... I guess that's habit all students because almost students doesn't want to be work too much and parent will be for son or daughter spend time for favorite like soccer, bamboo, ukulele, ... If the students might relax then I think they will learn better and faster. Some parent want my son or daughter go to the bedroom early. Because parent can control them easy, example like some students will say I still do homework on the Laptop, but they're playing game with friends. The best way is for students go to sleep early. If your might for students sleep early, It is perfect for eyes and healthy because one young people can sleep enough eight our every night, you can feel comfortable for star learning better new day. And if you don't sleep enough, you can't learn anything at school because you're always sleeping in classes and teachers always say ''wake up, wake up''. It is not good for you and teachers. And when you go home, time for sleep, but you don't feel sleep because you're sleeping in classes too much. That's why you don't feel want to sleep, and today to tomorrow to whole life, you still don't want to sleep early. Maybe that will be become the cycle in your bad life, If you don't want to change your style. I think students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home is not good. Because when parents coming home, they need talking, do something or have dinner with family. It will be better you do a lot of homework. If you have dinner every night, you will have a lot of conversation with your wife or daughter, Since you will be known what your family want and your sentiment with family will be better and better. When students learning online or video at home, maybe they don't understand what video say and if they have a question, what teachers they will ask ? And if everybody has a question to asked teachers, the teachers can't respond the question too much for students. If students waiting for tomorrow go to school, maybe students will be forgotten the question they want ask right now. I think students need learning at school better learning at home. Because one people one idea, that's mean have a lot of answers your guess, and you will be now the best the answers from teacher. It'll be helping you how to do work team. Work team so important with students because in your future, labor need you know how to work together. If you know how to work, you will be become the manager or boss. If I work with teachers, maybe I will be better for my way.