Does the people that have mastered something can grow, even if they do not try anything else? Some people believe they are very okay only with what they have mastered. People knows they could master one profession, but they also know they won't grow in nothing else if they do not try anything else. If someone decides to only master in one thing that is okay, but that person's knowledge will only increase on what he master, nothing else. People cannot grow if their mindset is stuck with what they mastered and they won't increase in knowledge. People cannot grow more if they stick only with what they mastered. For example, Ms. Generic_Name, a really good-looking woman, had a store for plants, and she also teaches about plants. One day Ms. Generic_Name had to let some kids know that the plants do not grow by itself, people make them grow. She called the kids to the back of the store to show them apple's seed. Ms. Generic_Name told the kids that she used to take care of them, but she stopped, because she thought that once the plants grow enough, she would not have to deal with that again. She saw the plant standing, and she thought her work was done. She did not take care of her plants no more because she thought they were okay in that position, but she did not know that the plants were not going to grow more. That is exactly what happen with people that mastered something, and they just stick with that, they did not try anything else, and now they are just steady they can't grow no more. Thus, if people believe they are okay with what they mastered, and they don't try anything else, they won't grow no more. Knowledge is one of the things that mostly deals with growth. For example, Ms. Generic_Name had the knowledge of every plant. At first Ms. Generic_Name did not know that she had to take care of them, at least until they could be strong enough. Now that she have years on plants she knows a lot. She did not want to stick with what she knew, and now she is grown in knowledge. She is in college studying more about different types of plants from other countries. Thanks to her enthusiasm for plants, Estency Generic_Name is now one of the biggest specialist on plants in the world. Nobody should be comfortable knowing just what they want to know, people should start seeking more for knowledge based on what they want, just as Ms. Generic_Name did. Some people may say that people could grow if they have mastered only once, because they only need whatever they have passion for, or whatever they want to do. For example, Generic_Name went to college with the dream of being a constructor, and he graduated from college, now he is a constructor but not how he wanted to. Generic_Name could have being an architect, but he decided to be less; however, people should seek for knowledge and not only stick with one master. People could get master at something, but after that people have to be open to learn knew things every day. In conclusion, people will never grow if they do not try out. A person's knowledge increase with the amount of time and interest. Knowledge is one of the things that most deals with growth. People could just get their master, but is better to always be open to learn more, 