Would you ever want to go Skydiving? I think Skydiving would be fun because you can see everything from up high, and you can face your fears. If you are afraid of highs you can go and Skydive with your friends or one of your family members. When you are up in the sky you get to see trees, grass and other stuff from far away. I think it would be fun because you get to fly in the sky. If you Skydive you can see animals that you never saw in your entire life. You can also maybe see weird stuff that you never saw. You can see a dog, cat or small houses and tiny people. If you Skydive I think you would fine a lot of different kinds of things in the air. If you were too scared to go on a roller coaster. You can go on a roller coaster now because you jumped off an airplane. And If you were too scared to go airplane because it was too high. Now you can go on an airplane and travel because you wouldn't be scared to be that high and where you jumped from the airplane. The airplane is going to be the same high. I think you won't have fears of heights anymore, and you would like to travel a lot. You can go to places that you can't go with a car. Like bora or the other tropical places. Skydiving can be a lot of fun, but it can also be very dangerous. If you don't know anything like how to turn on the airbag for you to float you could fall when you land. If you don't know how to land you could hurt yourself or land somewhere else. If you don't feel safe I think you should go to the indoor one first. After all, Skydiving can make you see weird stuff that you have never seen before, and you can face your fears by going on an airplane or riding on a roller coaster. I think one day you should go skydiving and see every thing that you can see. If you are scared of highs like mountains or going on high stuff. I think it is going to help you but if you think you are not going to know what to do for the airbag. I think you should go to the indoor one first. If you want to go to the outside one someone is going to be on top of you, and they are going to be doing the airbag and the landing. You are just going to be flying with them, and you don't have to worry about anything you can just see the view and see if you see anything interesting that you have never seen before.