I agree on Prime Minister Churchill quote that "success consist of failure, being successful" can be a different of what people might think and solving their problem to overcome any challenges that blocking their ways to being to improve and motivate themselves as a person. Success is not just a dream is a dedication to be engaged in everyday activity also success also a role for humans to think what's ahead and not looking back to seek old habits. Failure doesn't mean just to give up dreams and ideas, but it gives the choice of pushing it to the limits and overcome any challenges, failure can also help to motivate any hope sand being prepared for any challenge that's around. Its like how to motivate others to support and encourage them to help what their need is. Despite having failure it's not an end of the world situation but a test for confidence, skills and improvement or being a leader of some sort of ideas and real life. Its like My self taking a test I was more likely to be more nervous but I was really confident that I would pass my class than thinking of failing it. Some people want to be successful to pursue the happiness and they don't the others to help get on track as their skills improves and It's crucial for them to think father down the road what's their future going to be, and some people doesn't want to lose enthusiasm its like losing a video game and gave up easily and just throw the console to the trash and never play again for the rest. But some people want challenges became they can think hard and improve and know their weakness as they progress every level and they don't want to get beaten they want to stay on the top. I agree on Prime Minister Churchill success consist of failure, being successful" can be a different of what people might think and solving their problem to overcome any challenges. And improve and motivate themselves as a person. Success is not just a dream is a dedication to be engaged in everyday activity also success also a role for humans to think what's ahead and not looking back to seek old habits. 