I believe that success comes from repeatedly failing but never losing interest on the task you're trying to accomplish. Trying to be successful in a certain task isn't something that can be done overnight it requires extreme passion and patience, Certain scientist have been successful over time by failing but always getting back up on their feet and trying again hopefully to do things better. Scientist are driven by their enthusiasm over the life of science and what interesting things you could discover from studying it, their consistency of repeatedly failing and getting back up brought them a long way from nothing which eventually turned into something big for the society over time. For example Cristiano Ronaldo the world-famous soccer player, Christian worked very hard to become who he is now which is a world-class famous soccer player. Becoming a pro soccer player isn't something that can be done over a couple of weeks you have to work your way from the bottom you have to be perfect to get into a club with years worth of practicing also comes with a lot of failure by not being able to do certain tricks, certain passes, or shots it's very difficult to perfect all those tricks or certain shots, but that didn't stop Ronaldo from being the best. Soccer took multiple months of training and lots of failing and loosing matches for Ronaldo to get recognized after struggling and loosing Ronaldo eventually carried his team to multiple wins with tremendous skills, therefore soccer clubs came out to watch his games, and soon he was offered a spot to play pro soccer, He worked his way up to becoming the best soccer player anyone has seen. Most people in the world think failing is a bad thing and eventually give up after time, because of the lack of passion they have towards their task so tend to give up and move on with another task. The majority of our society are becoming more and more lazy over time which leads them push away all their workaway for another time, therefore it's less of a chance for them to do bigger and better things in life like everyone wants. Some rappers, multi-millionaires, and professional sports players became high school drop-outs who worked at fast food places to get money to get through their day, but they never gave up on what they loved the most regardless on how broke they were or how many problems they had they're going on in their lives they never gave up on the thing they loved the most, they thought that one day they were going to make it to the top and have a better life than they were living they never let go of that passion no matter how hard they had failed they always got back up and tried even harder than the last time. Eventually, all that sweat and hard work they had put into what they were passionate about they got recognized more every day which made them want to do much more in life, be better person from what they were yesterday. Anyone can be successful if they really put effort into what their passionate about no matter how many times you tend to fail as long as you're enthusiastic enough about your task to keep moving on and doing better.