In my opinion I believe that it is better that we accomplish more it will make us more active. I'm a firm believer that inactivity does not serve any purpose. This is the reason there is daylight and also nighttime; when its daytime you get things done and when its nighttime you can rest or spend time relaxing. I have also seen that the more you do, the less you are to complain. Now let me explain to you some reasons why you should always accomplish a lot throughout the day. My first thing I would like to start with is that there was a study at "The University of Florida" it showed that a person that does complete lots of tasks usually does better academically. Also, you can get stressed if you're not doing lots of work suffer health issues being active is important. The university tested 40 students 20 of them would show up to class on time get assignments done and come every day. They would also be inspired to do better with their studies. It is also sometimes good to be inactive, but that would mostly be during the nighttime when you have had a long days work you can sit down and just relax. Being an active person also makes you a more preferable person when you are working. People tell you that you are a hard worker when they see that you are doing your work on time. You are also preforming to the best of your availability. At my work I had this conflict with my co-worker and instead of me arguing I just told her she was right and let it go. This lady would always be angry because her work she would be stressed out and yelling, but that again comes in with being a lazy person. Being active can keep you out of trouble or addiction because you will not be so bored throughout your days. You will keep your head so busy that you will be so tired that you won't think about anything else just about taking rest and going home. Keeping bust is also a huge stress deliver because it makes your brain process things more quickly. Unlike with being inactive you just stay at home and do not do anything. Your brain will just be thinking all day about what it will do, and you will get worried from not doing anything throughout the day. These are some of the reasons I believe it is good to be positive and not to be too worried. It is always good to consider why the nighttime and the day time was made the sunlight was to keep us awake, and then the dark was made to make us fall asleep. Also keep in mind that the time you spend doing nothing can be put for good use, and you can never take back the minutes or hours that you have spent doing nothing. These are some of the reasons it is always good to be an active human being so that you do not have any problems later in life.  