The Curfews Keep Teenagers Out Of Troublesome, I walked down the empty street during midnight. Then, I heard a rising sound of a strange footstep behind me. Suddenly, I felt anxious and scared that someone might come up to me and murder me for money. Luckily, there was nothing happened to me. After I got home, I had a thinking that what if a city council adopts a 10 P.M. weekday curfew and a midnight curfew for teenagers. If the curfew is published, any teenager who is wandering on the street after those hours would be violating the law. On the other hand, some might believe that the curfews unfairly interfere in young people's lives because it does not let the teenagers have their freedom and accomplish something that is very important to them, which they cannot do it another time. I still agree with the idea that curfews keep teenagers out of trouble because it stops teenagers from doing something that is illegal during the late hours, it moderates them to be a better human being with molarity without having any criminal records, and it prevents young people from being kidnapped or killed at night. Some people argue that curfews should not be published because it limits the freedom of most teenagers. Still, I believe that curfews should be established to put an end on any illegal act that is committed by teenagers because the young people should be controlled by laws when most of them are not mature enough. They should be strictly managed instead of being free and are allowed to do whatever they want. For example, teenagers who is a hangout with their friends at night and get drunk are more likely to do something that is breaking the law when they are not sober enough. These young people tend to pull out their weapons to threat others who walk outside at night for money in order to buy illegal drugs. This is an important issue to pay attention on because these teenagers already become the worst humans being when they are not strictly managed by anyone or any law. However, they will keep threatening others when the curfews aren't carried out to prevent them from doing their vicious things. In fact, there are several criminal cases that are committed by teenagers in America, which proves that the U.S. government is weak at controlling their citizens and managing the society within the nation. This fact shows that the U.S. government does not care about the moral of young citizens and the safety of all citizens in general. The U.S. government should carry out curfews that keep all teenagers in control in order to limit any illegal acts. The establishment of curfews is important because it shapes all teenagers to become the better people who have morality instead of threatening others to get what makes them feel pleasure. The curfews should be carried out to moderate all teenagers into better people who treat others in the right way because it helps them stay out of any trouble that might be an unfortunate consequence in their future. It shapes their morals and erases all their bad behaviors that makes others feel pleasure. For example, teenagers who turn out to be good people when they have parents who do not let them go out when the sky turns dark. Also, their parents strictly manage them and prevent them from going outside at night to do illegal things. However, some might believe that the curfews do a little improvement on teenagers because they still sneak out of their houses without their parents' awareness to do what they like at night. This is an important issue to focus on because these teenagers will turn into adults who have several criminal records that might bother them from getting their jobs in the future. Moreover, teenagers should be more mature to realize that any violation acts that they had done will stay with them for the rest of their lives. Therefore, if the curfews is adopted then they should be obeyed to this law in order to avoid any unfortunate results that can occur in their lives. In fact, many companies prefer to choose employees with a good moral because they did not commit any crime in the past, which proves that they will not cause any danger while working in the companies. Unfortunately, people who had done any crime or violated any law in the past will more likely to stay unemployed because they are considered to be dangerous. The curfews are brought out to protect all teenager's future from being damaged by any of their wrongful commitment. The curfews keep teenagers out of trouble because most of them would not want to be kidnapped or murdered while walking on the street at night. To prevent any harmful because that can happen to young people, the U.S. government should set up curfews for teenagers. In fact, there are many unfortunate cases of missing teenagers in America. This fact proves that numerous teenagers had been kidnapped while they wander around empty public places at night. In this case, the U.S. government should adopt curfews law because it can decrease the act of kidnapping teenagers. However, some teenagers are killed while they are going out at night because there are a lot of robbers appear during this time. To solve this problem, the U.S. government should let the city council bring out the curfews' law, which can restricts all teenagers from going out at night and protect them from being murdered. In conclusion, curfews law is significant because it can reduce the criminal acts within a society. It shapes the society to be more organized and less dangerous to the citizens. The curfews can keep teenagers out of trouble because it restricts teenagers from committing any unfortunate crime. It helps teenagers to become better individuals in society who treat others in a correct way. Specially, teenagers can avoid death and being kidnapped when they obey to the curfews and stay home at night. Lastly, we should set up curfews and believe that it can protect all teenagers from getting trouble because they are going to be the one who runs the planet one day.