Should people follow their own instincts, or should they follow other people step? If people seek guidance from experts and authorities about life's important matters they would not fail in life; however, people should make their own decisions. People should make their own decisions because they can define their self, follow their instincts, and get experience through the life. First, people should make their own decision because they can define their self. Every single person should make a difference on the world. For example, I do not like to be guided for others person, I like to be different from every one else, try new things, and have my own ideas. Also, around the world are many people that are known for define their personality and for try to change the world with their ideas. Barack Obama is one of them, he was known for his humanity and his charismatic. Every person was made it to perform extraordinary different decisions. People should make their own decisions because they can define their self. Next, people should make their own decisions because they can follow their instincts. Many times ours instinct are right, but sometimes we let others person tell as what to do, therefore we fail. For example, when we are taking a test, and we make cheating, we fail the test because we not even like to try and follow our instincts. When I have to take a test and I do not know much about the test, I just follow my instincts and at the end, I got good result because it is not necessary to do what others persons do. Is more about what you believe that is the best. There is no major accomplishment than do your best, to believe on your-self. People should make their own decisions because they can follow their instincts. Finally, people should make their own decisions because they can get experience through the life. When a person make their owns decision do not matter if they are successful, or if they fail. Because at the end they learned how it was it and how to do next time. But if they never try, they would never know how hard, or easily is achieved something. For example, last year I fail all my SOL because a friend told me that he pass it all his SOL and was easily. He supposes to be an expert, so I truth he. But was not true and I learned that is better try by my self. Now I capable to give advice to anthers students and help them. If I never had made my own decisions, I would never get experience. People should make their own decisions because they can get experience through the life. In conclusion, people should make their own decisions because they can define their self, follow their instincts, and get experience. Every person should make the difference on the World and express their own ideas. When people follow their instincts we accomplish good result. Also, when people got experience through the life following their instinct they could be successful and are capable to advice other people. Every single person have different opinions, decisions, and experiences. With different person we can build a rich world. 