Imagine oneself is a student in high school who is already stressed out by all the homework and work that One must already finish during the day, but also all the classwork that oneself did not get to finish during school. Students are already stressed out because of school work, letting a student use their phone as a learning tool would only benefit them in finishing their work on time. This is why teachers should let students utilize their phones as a learning tool and not be against the usage of it when doing school work. Admittedly, students could get distracted with their phones and not get their work done in time. However, Teachers can specify that the use of phones is only for academic use only during classroom hours. That anybody who is not abiding by the rules will automatically get ISS. Therefore, students would understand that it is a serious matter and would not be playing around with their phones and getting distracted. Furthermore, students would not have to wait on the schools slow internet and Wi-Fi to finish their classwork on time. Student phones work faster than most of the computers in school, and they would be able to finish their work faster. For example at the beginning of the school year at SCHOOL_NAME the Wi-Fi and internet were down almost every day. Making everybody in the school that has online classes or just courses that require the use of the internet to be behind in all of their work. Also, schools computers are outdated and full of past information that makes the computers work at a much slower pace than a phone would. This is a contributing factor to students not being able to finish their work because the computers are outdated, it takes most of them at least twenty minutes to log in. Those are minutes lost that a student could have been using to have started their class work and possibly even finish it. Consequently, if phones were allowed to be used for class work then students would be able to finish their work on time and not have to worry is the Wi-Fi is working or if the computer is taking too long to log on. In addition, students could take their work home if they are not done with it, and they would not have to worry about being behind on their class work. Students most of the time do not have enough time during class to finish all of their class work. Making their work pile up high and since the school does not let students take computers home they could not take their work home with them. If students have class work on a specific computer app like Microsoft Word they would not be able to access it from a computer at their house because they do not have the same system we have in school. For example, one of the classes that I take is econ and personal finance and a lot, if not most of the class is online. If we have to do a vocabulary in Microsoft word have no way of accessing that document until the next day and by then we would have something completely different to do. Letting students use their phones to do work like in Microsoft Word would mean that students could use their phones to type up their paper in Google Classroom and send it in or leave it in the drop box in desire to learn. Hence, why letting students utilize their phones would be a great benefit to them. In conclusion, letting students utilize their devices as a learning tool or experience would be easier on them. If students are permitted to utilize their phones in the classroom then they would not have to worry about not finishing their work during class. This is why students should sign a petition and turn it in to the principal, so the use of cell phones during class work can be permitted and not be frowned upon.