Is it a good idea to graduate high school in three years instead of additional four year? Based on my experience in high school, I disagree with students who graduate high school in three years, because students can take college credits while they have short schedule on their senior year, and also they can get into the clubs that would give them the idea of that they would do after the graduations. In order to graduate high school in three years students must take summer school, give up on their elective courses, and give up on their vacations. Students have to take three years of summer school in order to graduate high school early. They are required to complete all the credits that is necessary for graduations. They must complete the requirements for graduation before it is too late. If the students choose to skip one year of summer school credit they cannot graduate in three years, and they will have rough time trying to bought up. If they still got lazier than there is no other way to graduate then four years plan. This is where their whole struggles end up, and they still have to be in school for the fourth year. Students have to give up on their electives during their high school year to graduate. They will have full schedule of requirements to finish up. They have to work hard, do all the work for all of their classes, turn in almost every homework for their classes. Furthermore, they will be struggling during school year since they do not have an elective class that they will be not hard to think about, also some schools offers courses that would give students the ideas for their college life, such as Generic_School. It is an engineering course that give the students idea of what they would do if they want to be an engineer. Students will give up on their summer vocations because they will be taking summer school to graduate high school in three years instead of additional four year. However, students will be doing their school stuff while others will be celebrating their vocations. Students who want to finish up their schools early, they will be attending summer schools. Decide it they also be working, and maybe they would not have time to complete their assignments on time, it will make them to change their opinion on early graduation, they will give up on their early graduation plan. To conclude, it is not the best choice to graduate high school in three years, additionally students would have rough and table time trying to finish high school. Therefore, it will be better if they stick with a normal school time and finish high school in four years, it will help them to get more knowledge, and better understanding of that they would do for their oncoming life. For the majority of people it's better to graduate high school in four years, even though if they are aiming for advance diploma they will need to take full four years of high school, and summer school as well, but if the students are going for standard diploma they will have short schedule, and they can take advantage if it and take college credits for free on their senior year.  