Technology can be healthy in my life? I believe that this prompt will have negative effects in my life. Sometimes we need to talk to somebody, we need help, we need to be sociable with people that is around me. Everyone can be sociable without technology. Technology can help us with things that could be hard for us but sometimes, we need to be sociable ass well. The technology cannot be my friend because at the beginning we can feel satisfaction with technology. After, we'll see that technology is not everything and I start to asking my self what I do? Where is everyone? And I never spent too much time with my family, friends, mom, dad. In fact, I can change my mind and do the right things. Sometimes, spent time with my family can help me because we can talk without phones, for example: When we are going to eat, nobody can have their phones in the table because my parents said that technology will be disrespectful and also, technology can take out my time with my family for example: Sometimes I need to do my test at home or homework but, I stay in the computer and I never go to eat with my family that's for I said that we can enjoy, and spend a lot of time with our parents. The communication is very important in our life. If we have homework, work ships. We can share our ideas and help us each other for example: When I came here at the United States I don't even know English and I was scared in my first day at school because I thought that nobody could speak Spanish for help me but, there was many people to help me and give me information about what the teacher said. Now I understand and I can defect my self with English that's for I said the communication is very important in our life. In conclusion the technology can be a negative idea in our life because we just want to play in the computer or phones. Sometimes, the technology can help us in so many things for example: test, and work ships but, when we have time with our family, we have to enjoy, and pay attention to then. Family is very important also, the communication is another factor that we have to take care.