'To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.'' I agree that it is the best thing to accomplishment because it makes that person become independent, helps you succeed and gain confidence, and gives you strength to help others out. In addition, being yourself helps you succeed through so much, it helps you become independent to take care of your own actions. Being independent is the best thing why?. Well because it's better to accomplish your goals on your own instead of depending on another person you aren't going to have that person always by your side. People come and go not really just any person sticks by your side like that. This is why doing things yourself, achieving your goal is the best thing, you can show people that you don't need any ones help because you got yourself and that's all you need. Also, being yourself motivates you to do better, you start to gain confidence and nothing is better than believing in yourself. Just how it's easy to gain weight it is also easy to gain confidence by telling yourself ''I can do this!.'' By having motivation you can do possibly anything, you can jump off a plane if you have the guts to. You start doing better in school or your job perhaps, you start getting good grades or start coming to work on time. Motivation is key in order to succeed in life you must have confidence. In other words, once you start to gain confidence you need to have enough strength to help another person out perhaps they are depressed, or it's just not their best time right now. Motivate them to never give up no matter how much stress you have it shouldn't give you a reason to just stop trying. We have to go through the rough times first in order to have a better life. If someone or yourself is having a really harsh time don't be pressed over it the past is the past and many things happen for a reason. I have gone through a rough time myself for 6 months now, but it never gave me a reason to give up I am a strong independent woman and I won't ever stop trying to stop having confidence. In conclusion, just how Author Waldo Emerson said '' To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.'' He is correct but, also making you into something else could also mean in a negative, but we always need to have a positive mindset. We must be independent and have confidence, so we can succeed, and so we can help others succeed as well to become somebody in life. Never give up just be positive and everything will come your way remember confidence and motivation is key.