John Lubbock quotes on choosing your own character or letting influences form your is a passage I can live by. For the reason of it being actually true because, sometimes things you see throughout your life would change your character. The people you look up to can your character because you want to be just like them. But sometimes It's not always a good change sometimes you can have a bad influence. Things you see in life can change your character. Let's say you are in the streets, and you get into a car accident then you are going to have a chance to be afraid to drive a car. It can also be changed by a bad experience, let's say you are in an abusive relationship after that relationship ends you would think every girl/guy is an abusive person. What if you are living in foster care, and you never get adopted you will think that you will never among to nothing and be nothing your whole life. The people you look up to can have a dramatic change in your character. Let's say your father is your biggest inspiration you will want to be just like him when your older and follow in his footsteps. But, if your inspiration isn't anyone in your family, but it is a famous sport player you will grind your butt off just to be in the same team with them and hopefully play alongside with that player. Newer influences these days are trough social media and movies and in my opinion those are the worst ones because they're usually trying to sell you something or market something to their audience. Sometimes It's not always a good change sometimes you can have a bad influence. Having a bad influence can lead to a lot of trouble, and you can even end up in jail for it. Let's say you look up to your father, and he is a very toxic person and a violent person, and you end up like him that's not a good thing. Also, something that can happen is that you look up to a very bad very disturbing person, and he likes to hurt people, and then you start hurting people because you want to be just like him. Depending on who your inspiration is it will develop the way your character comes out.  