Imagine someone that you know, that is trying to show you what maturity looks like. And she set an example for you to see, by how she talk and how she treats her friends and family. You watch how the person act and talk. Later, you start to follow what that person does. This influenced you to also be respectful to the people around you. Setting a good example by your own behavior is the best way to influence others because people follow what you do, know right from wrong, they are going to influence more other people. First reason, setting a good example to influence others is the best thing because people follow what you do. They look up to you as a role model for them. Whoever you hang around with, that is whoever going to influence you. For example, if someone is doing an act of kindness, then you are going to do the exact same thing, because it influenced you. Philosopher Albert Schweitzer said," Example is not the main thing in influencing others; it is the only thing." Overall, if one person set a good example in life, it influences the others also. Second reason, setting a good example is the best way to influence others because you know right from wrong. If no one set examples for others to see, then they would not know what to do when difficult situation arrives. Examples guide you to do what you know is right. People would not know how to act if there are no examples to be set. In summary, examples setting by other people help you make good decisions in life. Third reason, some people may believe that setting examples by someone's behavior is not the best way to influence others. However, I believe that setting examples is the best way to influence others because it's not just one person that they are influencing, but many more people. For example, if a girl help an elder lady that needed help with carrying groceries inside the house, then others will see that and learn to help people that are in need also. Because of that one influence, others will care for people that need help. If one person set a good example, then others will also set a good example for many more people. In conclusion, many people will be influenced because of that one example that people set. The best way to influence someone is through examples that are set by others, and how their behavior and attitudes are towards people. Setting examples is a good way to show people what you are trying to teach them, and it gives them an idea of what's happening. Through all of these examples that people had set for you, they will influence you. When you do the example, because it influenced you, others will also catch that influence from you. So yes, setting examples is the only thing that will influence people and make a big impact in people's lives. 